you know your calls are cooked when the board comes out
sent this to my cpa
buy everything
bad luck tim
surprise my wife after last week.
tinfoil hat alert: looks like insiders got a 20m head start for today’s face ripper rally after volume dried up and trading went sideways, it appears a small group of insiders discovered a strong reason to buy at 1pm et, before the news went public at 1:20pm et.
why does consulting even exist?
$10,000 of intel bought 25 years ago is worth $10,000 today.
straight from wb listen to the man
built different
they sold, pump it we're so back
tax accountants going through 800 pages of trading activity just to see $2.32 of capital gains for their client
farewell to one of the greatest investors of all time
5 seconds after i press the sell button
china imposes 34% tariffs on all us imports china will impose a 34% tariff on all imports from the us starting april 10, according to the official xinhua news agency.
prime minister justin trudeau places 25 percent tariffs on $106 billion worth of american products.
does this look like a man worried about the bubble
locked in
hold onto your butts
enjoy the weekend dow -1.9% s&p -2.7% russell -3.0% nasdaq -3.6% enjoy the weekend
how this sub be
basically
i recorded myself instantly losing $500k of my grandpa’s money
time to delete the app time to short the bank as a hedge.
$bynd baggies right now
bad apple
breaking news: trump says tariffs paused for 90 days on non-retaliating countries
china announces 84% retaliatory tariffs on us goods
we're in the end game now.
guilty
the oracle of omaha has spoken
you know it
“it’s different this time”
chipotle stock craters as company says young people without jobs can't afford their food anymore
its alive
was told to post this here
wendy's retirement plan
"you still remember how to work the fryer, right?"
most trump tariffs ruled illegal in blow to white house trade policy what do we think here? looks like market and bitcoin are reacting
green smoke coming out of the white house signifies the stock market is up today
here it comes boys, 104% additional tariff on china
just a reminder... might be useful for today...let’s see what happens.
futures rise as federal trade court blocks trump's global tariffs
i converted the price of s&p 500 to sound using ai and could not believe my ears
look at me look at me
it's gayman. it's not faang anymore. it's gayman.
the secretary of commerce is now recommending you buy specific stocks. “i think if you want to learn something on this show tonight, buy tesla,” lutnick said. “it’s unbelievable that this guy’s stock is this cheap. it’ll never be this cheap again.” source:
costco increases pay to over $30 an hour for most store workers $cost
this is too real
this casino is rigged! earning missed by whopping 35%? tsla is up!!!! lmaaaooo!
i’ve lost $700k what the fuck do i do? i’m desperate and hopeless holy shit. this is awful my life is over i can’t sell at this point i need to make it all back. i feel sick in stomach i have a major problem i can’t stop myself i’m on a slow moving train to hell. sorry grandpa
finally received the coveted "what the fuck are you doing" letter from fidelity fidelity, if you're reading this, i can assure you that i am sufficiently leveraged within my personal risk tolerance. stop killin' my vibe
trump announces 25% tariffs on all foreign-made vehicles
$aapl - apple launches iphone 11, again.
the "i can't i'm too poor" starter pack
china, japan, south korea will jointly respond to us tariffs, chinese state media says south korea, japan and china will have a joint response to us tariffs, chinese state media says. trilateral trade talks were held on sunday for the first time in 5 years.
you guys are great parents!
everyone's prayer for tomorrow
jensen carrying the weight of the world
$10,526 to $1,500,000 in 5 months thanks google! this account started the year with around $150,000 and i was playing nvda. the stock tanked with everything else in april during liberation day and i was down to $526. i had to deposit another $10,000 to pick myself up and take revenge on the market. luckily i caught google on the dip to 148 and i had conviction that google was going to the moon based on its p/e and great ai plays. i kept buying 5% otm calls 30 days out on red days and selling when the calls were in the money. then i would open another position with more and more contracts every time. the last push was this weekend before labor day i held $450,000 cash and unloaded it on the dip monday at 207 and bought $4.70 950 contracts of 220 strike calls for 10/17. those calls were up $91,000 end of the day as you can see from my previous post. today i sold at $16 per contract.
[fortune] elon musk's tesla reportedly halts cybertruck deliveries as owners complain of metal sides falling off
asked my 3 y/o to draw something about his papa. what does this mean?
is he stupid?
i said give me more calls
tariff chart released
warren buffet the sleeping giant dot com, 2008 - berthshire's waiting edit: bargain\*, i can't spell
jpow contemplating the meaning of life after j hole
"meme stocks"
trump officially signs 20% tariffs on china
white house: china now faces up to a 245% tariff on imports to the united states as a result of its retaliatory actions. attention: the “up to a 245% tariff” represents the maximum 245% faced by syringe and needles from china (as in source 2), which is a restatement of previous tariffs and not an increase (though they may want to make it sounds more terrifying by saying this way). op: if you see spx future down right now, it’s mainly due to a bad earning just release by asml. the market is too weak and sensitive to bad news now. source 1: source 2:
hooters files for bankruptcy
this describes everyone in here... minus being economists
tomorrow
just buy the dip, bros.
it’s different this time, right.
iran orders closure of strait of hormuz — putting one-fifth of world’s oil supply at risk
nasdaq didnt reclaim 10%. dollar lost 9%. comparing qqq with eqqq, and eur/usd for comparison. i'm not an expert but seems to me there wasn't that much recovery at all.
time to start the ritual... the portfolio beatings will continue until morale improves
hanging with the boys
there's too much winning, where is jerome???
when you are finally profitable and the world goes to ...
everybody last friday
bynd bagholders that bought at $7+ ouch
$orcl - infinite money glitch. rinse&repeat
is this the end of wsb?
today's powell speech we all know how this is going to play out, i guarantee it.
reminder, this was j pow back in november.
i do not believe i can go back to normal life i have made multiple years of my salary in one week. no matter how this ends, it’s been a great ride
deleting the app doesn’t work anymore.
that white haired wall street trader says the market is a sh t show!
breaking news: j powell replaced by hulk hogan as fed chair
this just happened to michael j. burry burry: "guys i think i may be wrong about the market" 10 hours later: \*everything crashes\*
i am financially ruined (short selling korean fried chicken companies) i have lost everything, and i'm not sure how to continue. this week i lost $472,085 short selling korean fried chicken companies. my idea was with the declining korean population, and the recent trend towards healthier eating and vegan diets, there is an opportunity here. i did some research into consumer trends in korea and determined that this would be a lucrative play. so i shorted korean chicken companies across the board. unfortunately, earlier this week nvidia ceo jensen huang dined out at a korean chicken restaurant called khanbu chicken in seoul, and pictures went viral of him enjoying fried chicken and beer. stocks of chicken companies in korea soared 20-30% and i was margin called. everything is gone. i don't know how to continue. how could i have not known that korean fried chicken is the future of artificial intelligence?
the ram i bought a year ago is the fastest appreciating asset i have ever owned
"it's a $230 sock for your iphone that you can wear"
this card game would be lit!
lost life savings, dad so mad he threatened to come to my school. i always saw people losing their life savings on wsb, never did i think it would be me. don't do options, you lose. (positions included)
it’s that time again
all of us in wsb right now
$1.4m --> $5.4m in 18 months - 85% in cash now i've lost a lot of sleep over the past 18 months trading my mom's ira (she's more than ok with this!), and i've been able to substantially outperform the market. i lost most of her portfolio 3 months ago in april (bottom tick was $800k) but have been able to grow it back to a much higher value than it was before the tariff bs. total gains in 18 months: $4,000,000 i have been trading options (obviously, this is wsb.) for the first 6 months, my big winner was hims, although i sold way too early. i bought calls around $10 and sold around $20-$24. my other big plays have been scalping nvda and especially googl. despite being a lousy hold for the last year, i've consistently yolo'd into googl on big pull backs, including the apple congressional testimony news (google searches were down for the first time on safari, although google denied this.) my strategy is to buy near or at-the-money calls 2-5 months out with at least one earnings in between. i don't usually hold through earnings. i try to scale out of the position over the course of 2-10 trading days. i'm happy with 20%-50% gains and am fine with leaving money on the table. because the calls are many months out, there isn't too much theta decay if the stock goes sideways. i generally keep cash on the side to yolo into calls if there's a huge overreaction on a given ticker. if i'm fully invested, it's hard to take advantage of certain opportunities. i don't think i have that much patience, but i've definitely improved since my early trading days. on friday i sold most of the portfolio and am now 85% in cash. the other 15% is in qqq puts and unh calls. i think there will be buying opportunities soon given the new eu / canada tariff news, but ultimately, as we all know, taco's gonna taco.
white house says gold reserves may be used to purchase bitcoin thoughts?
guys it’s gonna be ok
what will tomorrow's fed rate decision be?
trump says he will declare national energy emergency, revoke electric vehicle 'mandate' puts on tsla?
we are so fucking back
goldman sachs sees trump tariffs spiking inflation, stunting growth and raising recession risks
i know exactly what’s coming...
trump threatens additional 50% tariffs on china if they don’t remove 34% retaliatory tariffs by tomorrow (april 8th) uh oh
breaking: donald trump announces the launch of stargate set to invest $500 billion in ai infrastructure and create 100,000 jobs.
what happens when trump eventually fires/replaces powell? what happens when trump eventually fires/replaces powell? he’ll probably replace him with a dui hire like hegseth or a yes man like bessent. my bet is the market would react, negatively, very negatively to the news. powell has handled inflation and covid decently well. managed through trumps first term and was re-elected by biden even though powell is a registered republican. my prediction is it will be seen as massive loss in federal banking stability and result in a crash in dxy. dxy could go to 90 in first 24h and s&p to 4500 as foreign investors start trumping treasuries to get ahead of turkey like chaos. further, we could also see increased selling of bonds and yields hitting 5%. we could see a double whammy of 08 like financial panic with tariffs induced geopolitical damage.
palantir millionaire in <8months 5-10y hold so this means nothing until october 2029-2034 when the stock price is $464/share. quarter million invested @$45/share initially, purchased at the very top according to some. see post history indicating that the next posting would be @$1m. next post will be in october 2029.
turns out my dumbass might be a genius some of the trades i made were shorting $rgti for over 40k profit i bought and sold 3k shares of $amzn from 211 to 223 i bought and sold 5k shares of $nvda from 179 to 191 i bought the equivalent of 3.4 bitcoins in $arkb on friday and sold today for 16k profit+ i made other trades as well. i’ve been constantly compounding wins and selling when gains get outsized. i am currently sitting in $algn and dkng. i will post a picture in the comments of my positions
me when i opened my port today
bought nvda in 2022 because i liked gaming. 870% gain for $168k later
trump pardons nikola founder trevor milton in securities fraud case [ just in case any of you regards who yolo'd your life savings into nikola back in 2020 thought you were getting some of your money back...nope. notable quote from the big man himself: >“i am free. the prosecutors can no longer hurt me,” he said. “they can’t destroy my family, they can’t rip everything away from me, they can’t ruin my life.” so nice that trev can no longer have his life ruined. too fucking bad for the hundreds, if not thousands of shareholders who he scammed with his truck-rolling-down-the-hill fiasco. gg
nvda earnings. what's the risk? 50/50
we are so back covid wsb was peak, thanks to donal we are back!
is this spelling that on purpose? ???
if you can't handle minus 99% then you don't deserve +2%
trump says us will soon announce tariffs on pharmaceutical imports i’m sure this will be fantastic for drug prices.
can’t wait for this to drop heard there may even be a bill huang cameo
bought nvda in 2022 because i liked gaming. 1,000% gain for $197k later
warren buffett to step down from berkshire hathaway after six decades the ‘oracle of omaha’ announces plans to retire from his sprawling conglomerate at annual meeting
holy. fucking. shit. that’s enough yolo for today good fucking lord thank you sweet baby jesus
mcdonald’s reports largest u.s. same-store sales decline since 2020
most of you aren’t prepared for this scenario:
infinite money glitch nvidia oracle and openai
people who brought at $7
this is the way.
best laid plans
fixed that meme from earlier
i guess today was an easy one
do i have to pay this or can i just delete the app?
csco my ass, holding nvda since 2008 yo
guys i found a bloomberg terminal. ama
trump to tariff chips made in taiwan, targeting tsmc why don't we kick nvidia while it's down am i rite?
the white house now says the total tariff rate on china is 145% because of the 20% "levied in response to the fentanyl crisis"
eu set to announce first round of tariffs on the u.s. of $28 billion on monday this is just the first round of tariffs set to be imposed. i think to allow for a negotiation period giving trump an excuse to ease off. if trump doesn’t back down, expect more tariffs in a few weeks.
fork in the road fork in the road
deepseek puts tech stocks on track for $1 trillion wipeout > chinese artificial intelligence startup deepseek rocked global technology stocks monday, raising questions over america’s technological dominance. > buzz grew over the weekend about deepseek’s latest ai model being cost-effective while running on less-advanced chips, casting doubt on the validity of the rich valuations for companies like nvidia corp., which has led the global ai stock boom as its chips have been seen as essential to the technology. > shares of [nvidia] slid 10% in premarket trading on monday. > nasdaq 100 futures tumbled 3.4%, while contracts on the s&p 500 fell 2% as of 5 a.m. in new york. > in europe, tech stocks led market losses, with shares of chip equipment maker asml holding nv down 11%. > the cboe volatility index, known as the vix, spiked higher. the nasdaq 100 and europe’s stoxx 600 technology sub-index were together set for a market capitalization wipeout of roughly $1 trillion, if the losses hold. > roughly 200,000 nasdaq 100 futures contracts changed hands by 4:45 a.m. new york time, about four times more than the 30-day average for this time of day, according to data compiled by bloomberg. > ai trades slumped elsewhere as investors rethought assumptions on computing power and energy. siemens energy ag, one of the few ai winners in europe, slid 20%.
how do i show this to my accountant without appearing regarded? we are so back!
$300 to 20k thanks luigi
$1.2 million djt inauguration yolo. this may ruin my life. i think this will crash on tuesday. i wanted to sell but i got caught holding the bag on friday. please tell me am i fucked?
anyone else got this as their new years surprise too?
my port last week vs this week
it’s over for me. kept trying to play mstr calls. what a piece of shit. lost over a million including other accounts, down to my last 130k. edit: this loss is soul crushing and i havent been able to sleep, eat, or shower. i appreciate all the supportive comments. even the insulting ones calling me regarded and everything. i think i need to hear even the insulting ones so that i can let go of my delusions that i can make it as a "trader". i need a fucking job to turn my life around. i can’t be doing this trading shit anymore. i’m open to working any corporate job anywhere, but ideally in north america. if anyone has any connections, please hit me up. i have some programming (python primarily) and tech talent, and an engineering degree from ubc with a 4.0 gpa. currently live in toronto. thank you . i’m ready to dedicate myself to adding value to any organization. if its ai, finance, or tech related, thats even better.
turned $4,000 of hard work into $20 over 130 hours of work at $32 an hour, turned into a single cheese burger with fries. could’ve bought a used car with that much lesson learned kids, don’t hold a stock for over a year
breaking: president trump signs executive order officially creating a bitc0in strategic reserve.
tesla offers unprecedented $1 trillion pay package to elon musk
ai is about to pop
china raises tariffs on us goods to 125% in retaliation
netflix agrees to buy warner bros. in a $72-billion deal that will transform hollywood netflix has prevailed in its bid to buy much of warner bros. discovery, agreeing to pay $72 billion for the burbank-based warner bros. film and television studios, hbo max and hbo. the two companies announced the blockbuster deal early friday morning. the deal would give netflix such beloved characters as batman, harry potter and fred flintstone. “our mission has always been to entertain the world,” ted sarandos, co-ceo of netflix, said in a statement. “by combining warner bros.’ incredible library of shows and movies — from timeless classics like ‘casablanca’ and ‘citizen kane’ to modern favorites like ‘harry potter’ and ‘friends’ — with our culture-defining titles like ‘stranger things,’ ‘kpop demon hunters’ and ‘squid game,’ we’ll be able to do that even better.” netflix’s cash and stock transaction is valued at about $27.75 per warner bros. discovery shares. netflix also agreed to take on more than $10 billion in warner bros. debt, pushing the deal’s value to $82.7 billion. the breakthrough came late thursday, soon after a deadline for deal sweeteners. netflix, paramount and comcast had submitted bids earlier in the week as jockeying intensified for hollywood’s biggest prize.
it’s gonna be okay
powell indicates tariffs could pose a challenge for the fed between controlling inflation and supporting economic growth
should i be worried?
tsla puts 90k to 609k
thanks oracle bought at 0.05 last week and sold for $9.
not buying the nvda dip yesterday be like
fuck*ng legend , up more than 4% since his tweet
i don’t even know what monday.com does.
trump says he's lifting tariffs on most goods from mexico for 4 weeks amid economic fears from trade war washington (ap) — trump says he's lifting tariffs on most goods from mexico for 4 weeks amid economic fears from trade war. [ [ update: tariffs against canada are also paused [
trump plans to announce 25% steel, aluminum tariffs on monday...
the first $100k >*"reaching 100,000 isn't the finish line. it's the starting gun. and plenty of people still find a way to blow it.* >*the moment most folks get ahead, they start thinking they're geniuses. they forget how long it took to climb that hill and they start sprinting downhill into stupidity. i've seen it over and over. someone saves a hundred thousand and instead of letting it compound, they decide they're suddenly the next warren buffett.* >*they chase hot stocks. they speculate with options. they fall for whatever shiny nonsense cnbc is selling that week. and just like that, 10 years of discipline vanishes in one dumb gamble."* congrats to the peeps who won the gamble, but the rest of you are cooked meat also, you know that quote he always says, "the first $100k is a bitch", well, the full no bullshit, no punches pulled video (voice only) is [right here]( and it's literally 23 minutes of charlie telling you how stupid you are. of course, i don't expect anyone would actually watch it, because this **is** a casino after all. edit: apparently it is ai generated, but not sure if that is from actual munger quotes, or what. who cares, why are you reading this anyway, get back to the fry machine.
michael burry is shutting down scion asset management guy was smart bu
73k loss over five years. feels like a nightmare i can’t wake up from.
things bers say yes i'm a known ber but it's become comical at this point. 🥲
30 year treasury crosses 5% and continues to rise what does this mean for the market?
this morning nasdaq dropped more than during lehman monday nasdaq only lost 3.6% the first day of lehman collapse in 2008...
european markets are just waking up and it's already looking bad globally there's been a huge sell off in the pacific: * asx200 (australia) is down 4.2% as of time of writing. * hang seng (primary indicator of overall market performance in hong kong) is down a **staggering** 12.1%. * nikkei 225 (japan) is down 7.8% and triggered [suspension of trading.]( frankfurt, germany has been open for about an hour: * dax (somewhat equivalent of the dow jones) is already down just shy of 5%. * mdax (mid-cap, non-tech) is already down 5.4% * tecdax (mid-cap, tech) is down 4.5%. london is just opening now: * ftse 100 (100 highest-capitalized blue chips listed on the london stock exchange) - already down 5.5% in under 10 minutes. * ftse 250 (london mid-cap) - down 4.7%. today is going to be a blood bath on wall street.
what buying the dip feels like
lost $7,200 in tsla... in 28 minutes. at 10:19am i placed an order to buy 60 contracts of tsla $240.00 put... was a market order and still didn't fucking place. so i canceled a couple minutes later. i would've made $20k. at 10:47am i bought 32 contracts of tsla $235.00 put @ $279.00 per contract. tsla skyrocketed ten fucking dollars right after. at 11:17am i couldn't take it anymore and sold all 32 contracts of tsla $235.00 put for an average of $54.00 per contract. \-$7,200 in 28 minutes. tesla has beaten me down in the equity in my model 3 performance, in the stock market, and now in the form of options. i hate you tesla. update (6 months later): if anyone stumbles onto this post and is wondering for an update... i've traded options twice since this post, lost about another $7,000, then stopped touching options altogether. i just toss all of my money into qqq + voo, have made a full financial "recovery" + am sitting on a cash pile of several times what i've lost in total lol. i had fun trading options, but they just don't like me!
i tried to tell my father, but he was hell bent on buying tesla at $300 like an idiot. and then sold it at like $250 because he started freaking out, when i told him to just hold for the long. smh. so, whenever he tries to talk about stocks with me, i just point to this and tell him to stfu. oh and the fact that he’s a narcissist, yet this silences him, is satisfying af.
will deleting robinhood make it go away? i'll see you at the dumpster behind wendy's..
nvidia tanking after hours due to china export controls
freddie mac ceo fired.
trump starts tariffs tuesday confirmed signed in rn.
powell sees tariffs raising inflation and says fed will wait before further rate moves
can’t even take a piss in peace
trump increasing tariffs on canada metals from 25% to 50% cars, construction costs, auto insurance price increase incoming
tesla sales plunge 63% in eu’s second-biggest ev market
turned $100 into 17k thanks to the orange man i bought a ton of weekly far otm puts on nvda and woke up today with huge profits! i am poor. like really poor. live paycheck to paycheck. i've been full bear since 2022. i usually put $100-$200 into the stock market weekly. finally my full port puts paid off. this is only the beginning. i sold my puts today. took my profits and bought uvix since options are way overpriced.
i think it’s headed for a break out here’s my dd... 25 years of historical data and it has been decently profitable, sp02 seems to be range bound from 95-100, but bpm sometimes goes way up. one day i finished running a marathon and checked the app and it was at 180. that being said, i am really thinking this is my next move - especially after monitoring it during the spy moves today. it was volatile, going up and down quite a bit, but it consistently gained rather than dropping with spy. that coupled with the fact it’s been range bound for so long makes me think it is a prime choice for a breakout.
real gdp q1 falls to -.3% from 2.4% in q4 2024.
trump announces 25% tariff on japan, korea goods
retardation is on the menu boys! wsb is so back
the s&p 500 is up 47% since michael burry said ‘sell’.
if we're in a recession, what are the strippers saying? always an early indicator, what are the hoes saying? that's all the intel us regards need.
rare footage of a deepseek co-founder talking about his first ai startup exit
flip it
bynd buy @ $7.50 averaging in on this small dip.
openai, nvidia, and amd, the tech triangle that’s driving the market
“deepseek . . . reportedly has 50,000 nvidia gpus and spent $1.6 billion on buildouts” “[i]ndustry analyst firm semianalysis reports that the company behind deepseek incurred $1.6 billion in hardware costs and has a fleet of 50,000 nvidia hopper gpus, a finding that undermines the idea that deepseek reinvented ai training and inference with dramatically lower investments than the leaders of the ai industry.” i have no direct positions in nvidia but was hoping to buy a new gpu soon.
subprime burger loans go crazy
august cpi tl;dr numbers in line with expectation. yoy 2.9 vs 2.9 expected. bers about to have 99 problems in their port. yes i agree with all your conspiracy, tin foil hat theories, but still
oops, it is the market
can’t make this up
jay powell made it clear fed is not going to rescue markets
we ride at dawn regards
amd just won’t go up advanced money destroyer just won’t go up. i’ve put all my dollars in this stock and what do i get? account massively drained. i was told stocks only go up and that some good dd prevents the inevitable wendy’s dumpster but i just ain’t making dollars. i mean, it ain’t making dividends, it’s always moving down, and just had another massive dip. i mean if they were to declare a dividend, it would probably be some 2 cent autistic micro dividend. they say to average down, but it’s really just averaging more despair i thought earnings would be great but it was just another miserable day. these were all my deposits on robinhood, but i guess annihilating my dough makes for a wsb worthy post. am i dumb for buying this stock? sorry for the rant but i guess i'm just another autistic mourning degenerate on this sub. edit: as the morning went on i felt i had more to vent on this matter.
believe it or not all talks, no positions
tried to trade credit spreads, failed miserably ($6.5m margin call) sniped these for $0.01, expecting nvda to continue its rise and be able to profit on the iv making the spread between legs (haha) bigger. the gain is a facade. i have no idea why i got exercised. but now i’ll take max loss at open, and i’ll owe interest on $7.2m overnight.
trump unveils a 50% tariff on copper and threatens to impose 200% duties on pharmaceuticals no paywall: [ president trump said tuesday that an ongoing investigation of tariffs on copper will end with 50% duties on the metal in remarks where he also threatened 200% tariffs on pharmaceuticals. the comments came during a wide-ranging cabinet meeting where he also said europe will get tariffs dictated to them this week and that jerome powell should resign, adding more developments to what was already a week dominated by trade and economics in washington, d.c. “today we're doing copper,” trump said during the meeting, and turned to commerce secretary howard lutnick who confirmed that the rate will be 50%. the apparent move will match the current 50% tariffs on two other commodities — steel and aluminum. the announcement sent copper prices immediately up over 10% before prices retreated some later tuesday afternoon. the president didn't specifically outline when the new copper tariff would take effect but he has the power to implement them immediately once an investigation by his administration is concluded. the president also teased other major announcements set for the coming weeks on top of this week’s focus on “reciprocal” tariffs, saying “we're going to be announcing pharmaceuticals, chips” in the weeks ahead — a reference to upcoming plans around prescription drugs and semiconductors. he didn’t offer a specific timeline on the pharmaceutical tariffs but suggested there could be a extended easing in period. "we're going to give people about a year, a year and a half to come in, and after that they're going to be tariffed," he said, while also offering an eye-popping number for the final duty by saying it will be “a very, very high rate, like 200%.” “we'll give them a certain period of time to get their act together,” trump added. his action on copper could be felt more quickly, with the president signaling an end to an ongoing commerce department investigation of possible duties under section 232 tariff authority that began in february. trump implemented tariffs on steel and aluminum in march but held off on copper. it was yet another aggressive trump move on trade in a week where he threatened of 25% duties on south korea and japan on monday and then said on tuesday that a new tariff deadline of aug. 1 won't be extended. it was a return to trade rhetoric from trump that has been more muted in recent weeks but was on full display during the cabinet meeting and has marked trump's political career as part of what he says is his quest to protect america. "people that sat in this room allowed it to happen," he said of previous trade policies while talking in the white house's cabinet room, "and i don't allow it to happen."
mic drop
guys look on the bright side no tariff on tendies
what a crazy trap set for all $nvda bulls nasdaq 600 points tumble in just over an hour. all the nvidia result bull positions getting hammered.
the great lay-off'ening is already well underway. what will happen to the economy? as someone who has not worked in 10 years due to some extremely lucky call options which i parlayed into passive income generating sources, i am starting to get real worried. i live in san diego but i'm originally from a smaller town in california. i know 5 people who just got laid off from $300k+ jobs in sf and la, they were in tech so it's not that surprising, but it all happened quite concurrently. what's more worrying though, is that about 1/3rd of my high school and college friends who did not end up moving to a major city have been laid off. many of them are in law, accounting, or working corporate jobs in second tier us cities... and none of them can find jobs. they are between 30-40, and some of them have multiple young children. the stock market keeps rocketing upwards... but this feels like a desperate, dying breath of people trying to yolo their savings into money that can help them survive short term, rather than a healthy society and economy growing massively. i get that we're in the "ai boom", but the ai boom is the first "boom" that is literally erasing white collar jobs en masse. my friend told me that his department was shrunk from 30 to 5 people, and he expects that the department will require only 1 person in the next couple of years. there are ai companies who build custom software for companies to help them reduce employees. companies just hand over all their data and they are given back ai programs perfectly tailored to their needs... yet, everyday, a giant green dildo. global tariffs? green dildo. nuclear war with iran? green dildo. massive lay offs? green dildo. i know it's funny, especially if you're in the investor class and don't have to work... but something is beginning to feel seriously wrong. does anyone have answers? this is the first time in my life that i have seen with my own eyes massive lay offs in my own social circles, who are all people with good college degrees, from good families, making at least $150k, but mostly $200k+. where do we go from here? more green dildos? green dildos until the end of time? how many green dildos can society bear on it's unemployed back until its knees give out? i would appreciate some clarity.
i took $100k from our house sale and bought 303 shares of unh. wife thinks it's in a high-yield savings account. sold the house. cleared about $120k. wife said, “put it somewhere safe.” i said, hold my beer bitch, then funneled $100k into fidelity and bought 303 shares of unitedhealth (unh). why unh? because america’s not gonna stop getting sick. fat, old, diabetic, stressed out, healthcare is the last thing people cut. and unh is built like a tank. major insider buying too. told the wife the money is safe in a high-yield savings account. technically not wrong... now i just need to convince to stall on the purchase of our next home till death do us part!!
options changed my life just turned 19 years old , truly blessed . don’t even know what to do .
intel shares drop after trump calls for ceo to resign immediately intel shares drop after trump calls for ceo to resign immediately
calls on gld
trump executive order: prescription drug prices to be reduced by 30% to 80% almost immediately no paywall: [ president donald trump announced sunday that he plans to resurrect a controversial policy from his first term that aims to reduce drug costs by basing payments for certain medicines on their prices in other countries. his prior rule, called “most favored nation,” was finalized in late 2020 but blocked by federal courts and rescinded by then-president joe biden in 2021. it would have applied to medicare payments for certain drugs administered in doctors’ offices. however, it is unclear what payments or drugs the new directive would apply to. in a truth social post sunday evening, trump said he plans to sign an executive order monday morning that he argues would drastically lower drug prices. “i will be signing one of the most consequential executive orders in our country’s history. prescription drug and pharmaceutical prices will be reduced, almost immediately, by 30% to 80%,” he wrote. “i will be instituting a most favored nation’s policy whereby the united states will pay the same price as the nation that pays the lowest price anywhere in the world.” the directive comes as the trump administration is also looking to impose tariffs on pharmaceutical imports, which had been exempted from such levies enacted during the president’s first term. the tariffs could exacerbate shortages of certain drugs, particularly generic medicines, and eventually raise prices. if the new executive order is comparable to the 2020 rule, both medicare and its beneficiaries could see savings. but it could also limit patients’ access to medications, experts said. much depends on how the policy is structured. although lowering drug prices was a major talking point of his first administration, trump has not focused on the topic as much this term. and his campaign told politico last year that he had moved away from the “most favored nation” model, which many republicans strongly oppose. but the administration revived the idea recently as a potential way to meet deep spending cut targets for medicaid in the house gop’s sweeping tax and spending cuts package. however, it’s unclear whether the proposal will be included in the legislation, the details of which should be announced shortly, or whether it would be covered by the executive order. the initiative will likely face stiff opposition from the pharmaceutical industry, which successfully halted the first iteration. the trump administration introduced the idea of tying medicare’s drug reimbursements to the prices in other countries in 2018 and finalized the rule just after the 2020 election. the seven-year model would have allowed the us to piggyback on discounts negotiated by other peer countries, which typically pay far less for medications in large part because their governments often determine the cost. under the 2020 initiative, medicare would have paid the lowest price available among those peer countries for 50 part b drugs that are administered in doctors’ offices. the administration estimated it would have saved about $86 billion. at the time, medicare was barred from negotiating drug prices, but that changed with the 2022 passage of the democrats’ inflation reduction act, which gave medicare the historic power to bargain over prices for a small number of drugs annually. a “most favored nation” proposal could save beneficiaries’ money in their out-of-pocket costs and their premiums, which are both affected by the price of drugs, experts said.
i did the thing (nvda 18,500% roi) welp guys i think i did the thingy
"only 19, i'm just getting started but i gotta admit i'm still learning the game "
nvdia releases statement on google's success are tpus being overhyped or are they a threat to their business? i never would have expected a $4t company to publicly react like this over sentiment.
it would be nvda
the palantir shares you were thinking about buying on monday, sell them.
stock market futures drop -2% in 45 seconds as trump announces tariff rates, erasing $1.9 trillion from the s&p 500 in 15 minutes.
“i sold monday morning after the iran bombings this weekend”
wsb when the s&p 500 goes down 1%. "we will never recover from this blow"
traiffs blew up my account not my first rodeo, probably not my last.
where are we now?
amazon cancels inventory orders from china after tariffs
china halts all lng from the us i think these guys might be a little angry
paramount makes $108.4 billion hostile bid for warner bros discovery
ups to cut 20,000 jobs on lower amazon shipments, profit beats estimates guh
true
world record %??? i am one of you 12,200%
what happened to intel guy who dropped 700k of his grandma's inheritance? i'm bored on the way to london and randomly remember this guy. what was his outcome, does anybody know?
just a reminder
when markets open fuck your calls
us stock market is more expensive than at the 2000 dotcom bubble peak
what was really said what most of us heard
typical middle of the day panic meltdown yolo gotta have a diamond nutsack to play this game
michael burry right now
skipped college for this... spent all my college fund money and my mcdonalds paychecks on spy options instead of pursing a finance degree, still not giving up though ‍
hang in there boys
whenever my family asked how much i made today 🥲🥲🥲 i wanna kms
google is an online advertising monopoly, judge rules
trump media files to create etfs using the truth.fi name and awards 1mm stock to key cabinet members djt filed to create etfs tracking bitcoin and different us sectors (manufacturing etc.) - they also gave key cabinet members like kash patel (next fbi director), linda mcmahon (secretary of education) and robert lighthizer (us trade negotiator for trump) 1mm in stock vesting through 2027 - (non paywall - and
donald trump says he has ‘no intention’ of firing jay powell donald trump has said he has “no intention” of firing the federal reserve chair jay powell, after indications that he could sack him sparked a sell-off in markets
thank you for your attention to this matter happy 4th and i don’t recommend doing this. trouble sleeping and trouble focusing on anything else. had material losses from liberation day and poor trading afterwards that i was chasing. this is a get out of jail free card that gets me back to where i was in february vs a true ‘gain’.
me on labor day i
squeaky clean
us commerce secretary says exempted electronic products to come under separate tariffs
president trump just asked the supreme court for the authority to fire federal reserve chair jerome powell trump asks supreme court to let him fire top agency officials summary by bloomberg al president donald trump has asked the us supreme court to allow him to immediately fire top officials at two independent agencies. the case is testing a 90-year-old supreme court ruling that lets congress shield high-ranking officials from being fired by the president. the outcome could determine whether trump has the power to fire federal reserve chair jerome powell and could also impact the job security of other agency officials. [ **if this happens, i'm seriously thinking about fully cashing out from the american market till mid/long-term, this guy is unstable af, not sure where to move really though...**
suicide hotline the u.s. suicide hotline: dial 988, text 988, or visit 988lifeline.org for online chat. 988 is a free, confidential service available 24/7 for anyone experiencing emotional distress, a mental health crisis, or thoughts of suicide. you can call, text, or chat with trained counselors who provide support and resources
now we know. it was retail ceos who got to trump on monday as reported by axios, trump was shaken monday after meeting with ceo’s of top retail companies like target. they warned him that disrupted supply chains due to his china tariffs would mean empty shelves and soaring prices very soon. you can imagine how the optics of bare shelves all around the country would look. maybe they will get exemptions as trump’s crony capitalism marches on but a huge number of small businesses won’t and will go under. somewhere xi is smirking.
america is going to get rocked. china, japan, south korea will jointly respond to us tariffs, chinese state media says [ beijing, march 31 (reuters) - china, japan and south korea agreed to jointly respond to u.s. tariffs, a social media account affiliated with chinese state broadcaster cctv said on monday.the comments came after the three countries held their first [economic dialogue]( in five years on sunday, seeking to facilitate regional trade as the asian export powers brace against u.s. president donald trump's tariffs. eu hasn't even clap back yet. edit. for those who say this is chinese media, the other countries are not refuting this claim. china is taking the lead on this. for eu, i think germany will take the lead on that. edit 2. since there are many comments regarding this being chinese propaganda, below are more links to prove that this isn't just coming from chinese media. [ [ [ [ [ [
china officially makes statement stating that all tariffs are remaining on american good and the country is "not" interested in negotiations china vows to stand firm, urges nations to resist ‘bully’ trump chinese foreign minister wang yi said appeasement will only embolden the “bully” at a brics meeting, rallying the group of emerging-market nations to fight back against us levies. china’s top diplomat warned countries against caving into us tariff threats, as the trump administration hints at the possible use of new trade tools to pressure beijing. chinese foreign minister wang yi said appeasement will only embolden the “bully” at a brics meeting, rallying the group of emerging-market nations to fight back against us levies. the stern remarks show china intends to resist pressure to enter trade talks even as us treasury secretary scott bessent suggests washington could ban certain exports to china to gain leverage. wang’s call to the international community underscores china’s attempt to portray itself as the bastion of free trade as us tariffs threaten to reshape commerce globally. beijing has repeatedly urged allies to defend multilateralism and told other governments not to cut deals with the us president at china’s expense. china has repeatedly denied being engaged in trade talks with the us. instead, beijing has demanded mutual respect and a cancellation of all tariffs before any negotiations. i wonder how trump is going to respond to this. maybe another 500% tariffs on china? including this and gdp data this wednesday, market is going to get rekt. get your lubes ready.
fox reporter says the trump white house is giving wall street executives inside info on tariff negotiations fox business senior correspondent charles gasparino reported on thursday that president donald trump’s administration is privately discussing trade tariff deals with wall street executives, sharing insights on their current status, which is information not being made public otherwise. citing “senior wall street execs with ties to the white house,” gasparino wrote on x that people within trump’s administration have held private discussions with business leaders about an “agreement in principle with india.” he further reported that the deal could be used as a template for other trade deals the administration is working on with japan and other countries. markets have taken sharp hits amid uncertainty surrounding trump’s tariffs and trade deals. see
trump slams amazon's tariff labeling as ‘hostile, political’ move [source:]( **amazon to display tariff costs for consumers** amazon doesn’t want to shoulder the blame for the cost of president donald trump’s trade war. so the e-commerce giant will soon show how much trump’s tariffs are adding to the price of each product, according to a person familiar with the plan. the shopping site will display how much of an item’s cost is derived from tariffs – right next to the product’s total listed price. _____________________________________________________ wondering why amzn tanked premarket? telling the truth gets punished in this admin.
market in free fall, approx 10 hours left for usa futures to open and trump hasn't taken any action or said any word to show his leadership. hello everyone, market currently is in a free fall and stocks are going down and wealth is being destroyed like there is no tomorrow and 401k and portfolio of many people is in shambles right now and many startup companies and many companies that are struggling, it is being even more harder for them to stay afloat in this volatile market. whilst all this is happening, you know what has trump been up to you? he has been planning for a very special dinner instead of addressing this very crucial situation that affects all of us. [trump headlining $1 million a person super pac dinner as stocks sink over tariffs]( i kinda find it very foul that this administration is doing nothing about this current issue on the hand and is allowing all this chaos to take place in the market. they have done nothing to ease the current situation and if this continues and if truly have black monday awaiting tomorrow, it would be catastrophic economic crisis caused by the administration and would cause numerous businesses to go bankrupt and spark mass unemployment as a consequence. very sad to see this whole situation unfold like this.
it’s over. the market is cooked. hope you enjoyed the ride. this isn’t a dip. it’s not a correction. it’s the slow, brutal unraveling of a debt-soaked fantasy we’ve been pretending was sustainable since 2008. the fed is cornered—rates are high, inflation refuses to die, and there's no bailout coming this time. the only soft landing is for the billionaires with parachutes made of your 401(k). tech is imploding under the weight of hype and weak fundamentals. ai was a sugar high. now we’re crashing. banks are getting shaky. commercial real estate is a time bomb. and consumers? they're maxed out, broke, and paying 29% on credit cards to buy gas and eggs. and just when we needed stability, we get chaos: trump’s back in the mix with unhinged tariffs, trade wars 2.0, and economic policies that look like they were scribbled on a napkin in a denny’s at 3 a.m. markets hate uncertainty—guess what? that’s all we’ve got now. this isn’t a crash. it’s controlled demolition with nobody at the controls. sell, don’t look back, and maybe plant a garden. we had a good run. goodbye, and may whatever comes next be merciful.
average americans don't have cash laying around to "buy the dip" i am sick of all the posts cheering on this freefall . telling everyone that this some kind of "opportunity." a large swath of americans do have money in the stock market via 401ks. what they do not have is a pile of cash laying around to buy stocks. just stop. this is decimating millions of americans. i know many people who are now having to completely recalculate their plans for retirement. some have lost the equivalent of 2+ years of contributions, along with natching funds. it will take 5 years to recoup the loss in value. so again, please stop trying to gloss this over like we're being done a favor. edit: please stop with the investment advice. not looking for it, don't need it. if that's all you have to offer, please move on. the crux of the post was pointing out the absurdity of cabinet secretaries giving investment advice. tldr: cabinet secretaries, in an attempt to placate the masses, are giving investment advice.
trump folded, it was because of the bond market "people were getting a little queasy." trump says he was watching bond market reaction to tariff measures president donald trump said he was watching volatility in the bond market in recent days and appeared to indicate that it was among the factors that led to his decision to institute a 90-day pause on some tariffs. “i was watching the bond market. the bond market is very tricky. i was watching it. but if you look at it now, it’s beautiful. the bond market right now is beautiful. but yeah, i saw last night where people were getting a little queasy,” he said. cnn reported prior to the president’s decision that us treasury yields had risen in recent days as investors sold off bonds. the benchmark 10-year yield wednesday morning was 4.4% – up from 3.9% before trump unveiled his tariffs. trump also said he watched jp morgan chase ceo jamie dimon on fox business network this morning. the ceo “made the statement to the effect that something had to be done with the tariffs and trade. ... he understood it,” trump said. “it wasn’t sustainable what was happening. somebody had to pull the trigger. i was willing to pull the trigger.” during that appearance, dimon warned that a recession was a “likely outcome” of the escalating trade war resulting from trump’s tariff policies. “no one’s wishing for (a recession) but hopefully if there is one it’ll be short,” he said. “i do think fixing these tariff issues and trade issues would be a good thing to do.”
president donald trump has officially just signed the executive order to increase chinese tariffs to 104% trump said tonight that his plans for 104% tariffs on imported chinese goods will remain until china makes a deal with the united states. "until they make a deal with us, that’s what it’s going to be," trump said at the national republican congressional committee dinner. "i think they’ll make a deal at some point, china will. they want to make a deal. they really do." china said earlier today that it will “fight to the end” if trump goes forward with his plans to impose an additional 50% tariff on chinese goods that are set to take effect at midnight, bringing the tariff amount to 104%. it's official now, china's 114% total tariffs go into effect tonight and global tariffs as well. may we all survive through this week. it's about to get real spicy with china retaliating soon 🫠
trump set on firing jerome powell (posted on truth social) trump tweet complaining about jerome powell and the fed not cutting rates "fast enough" while praising the ecb for their aggressive cuts. i have to break down how flawed this take is and why this thinking can actually harm the economy in the long run. calling jerome powell “too late” and demanding his "termination" because he didn’t cut rates to suit trade war is extremely dangerous. let’s not forget: market stability *requires* trust in the fed's independence. undermining that trust can loose investors more than any interest rate hike ever could. source: [
trump warns economy could slow if powell doesn’t cut rates so trump just came out with a *very serious economic prophecy* like: >“if powell doesn’t cut interest rates, the economy might slow down.” ah yes, thank you, dr. donald “i went bankrupt six times (7 now economy) ” trump, for your expert financial analysis. it’s honestly wild how the guy who thinks “windmills cause cancer” suddenly becomes an economic guru. my guy, you ran the economy like a casino where the house always loses. next thing you know, he’s gonna say: “if powell doesn’t start wearing a red tie, the stock market will crash. i guarantee it.” source: [
tsla being investigated by transport canada for cooking their books in canada to snag ev rebates without selling cars. the article notes that **four tesla dealerships claimed to have sold 8,653 teslas in 3 days.** assuming each dealership opens from 9am-5pm, that's **90 cars sold per hour per dealership**. worth noting that canada's ev rebate program was set to shut down, interesting how tesla found 8,600 sales in 3 days before it did... ironic that musk, who has recently repeatedly said that people who rely on government payments are leeches and that canada is not a real country, is now accused of trying to leech off of canadian taxpayer-funded ev rebates himself to the tune of $43m. i guess that's one way to maintain revenue while sales drop 90%! note: investigation is ongoing and there has been no confirmation of official wrongdoing yet. edit: since this post got more attention then i expected. yes i posted this sunday and tsla is currently down 13% today. however i do not think this is causing the drop, and rather it’s an overall market pull back from trade wars and from europe sales declines. the article was published friday morning and tesla was up 3% by end of friday. [
canada will retaliate with 25% tariffs on us imports and limit export of rare minerals as response to trump tariffs! trade war is on! canada is imposing it’s own 25 per cent tariffs on $155 billion worth of u.s. goods after u.s. president donald trump slapped canada with 25 per cent tariffs on all goods and 10 per cent tariffs on oil, natural gas and electricity. prime minister justin trudeau says the tariffs will take effect on $30 billion worth of goods starting tuesday with a further $125 billion worth of products being taxed 21 days later. trudeau elected to go ahead with retaliatory tariffs even though trump’s order includes a mechanism to escalate the rates if canada retaliates against the u.s. canada will also look at how to limit export of rare minerals to the us which are crucial for us tech and car companies like tesla. **tldr: trade war is on! stocks may take hit and bond yields may spike (because of inflation fears) so position your portfolio carefully.**
breaking: trump says there will be a 100% tariff on all semiconductors entering the us trump on tariffs: says u.s. will impose “very large tariff” on chips and semiconductors. we will be putting in 100% tariff on all chips. notes there will be no charge for companies building or committing investment in the united states.
breaking: 30-year treasury yield is now above 5%. china dumping us bonds at a high rate! armageddon on tomorrows market guaranteed bond rout starting to sound market alarm bells singapore (reuters) - u.s. treasuries extended heavy losses on wednesday in a sign investors are selling even their safest assets as a global market rout unleashed by u.s. tariffs takes an unnerving turn towards distress and a dash for the safety of cash. "this is beyond fundamentals right now. this is about liquidity," said jack chambers, senior rates strategist at anz in sydney. the 10-year u.s. treasury yield, the globe's benchmark safe-haven anchor, was up 20 basis points and rising in asia - a remarkable move in a time zone where it's usually fairly steady. at 4.46% the yield is up 59 basis points from monday's low, with traders saying hedge funds were the heaviest sellers as they started to be forced from leveraged bets that in calmer times profit from small gaps between cash and futures prices. "this kind of thing becomes problematic if the prime broker starts saying that now ... i want to charge you a higher margin or i basically want more margins from you," said mukesh dave, chief investment officer at aravali asset management, a global arbitrage fund based in singapore. thirty-year u.s. yields spiked 24 bps to 4.9553% and the three-day move in yield - if sustained - would mark the heaviest selloff in the long end since 1981. selling was heavy in japan and australia. so basically we are going back to the stone ages tomorrow. this is much much worse than you think...
us tourism officials sound alarm, tourist flights to us sink 70% and could impact up to 140k hospitality jobs and $14b in economic spending here is my way of trying to find alpha in an erratic stock market - how i'm trading the us tourism dip. **1. canada is the us's largest source of tourism**: in 2024, 20 million canadian tourists visited the us, spent $20.5 billion, and supported 140,000 us jobs. canada's population is 40 million, so 50% of the entire country visited, and the us had 77 million tourists so 1 country is contributing 26% of visits. **2. recent us policies is leading to a tourism boycott from canadians, and the rest of the world**: tourists are boycotting us tourism due to tariffs, annexation threats, new travel barriers, and stories of visitors being unlawfully detained with no due process (in march a canadian citizen was denied entry due to an expired visa, while this was a worker and not a tourist, instead of being allowed to return to canada, as is the norm, she was shackled in chains and sent to a private ice facility for 2 weeks without being able to contact a lawyer or get a bed). **3. analysts previously predicted policies would decrease tourism by 5%, new numbers released this week show that it's 14x higher:** for canada alone (26% of us's entire tourism industry with 20 million visitors) - airline travel is **down** **70%**, land travel is **down** **45%**, and **85%+** of tourists survey say they cancelled their us trips. **4. here's how i'm planning on using this information to make stock trades into specific companies both long and short:** i'm shorting airlines that have high exposure to can-us routes (it's been reported that airlines are slashing these routes due to 0 demand, and they is no clear way they can cover this revenue gap with a lower utilized fleet). i'm shorting select hospitality chains (hotels, restaurants) with high exposure/retail foot print in us states that border canada like niagara falls. the us travel association says that even just a 10% dip in tourists will lead to $2 billion in economic losses and 140,000 jobs at risk (assuming 70% decrease from air travel happens across the board, that's $14b), i expect hospitality to have lower revenues. i'm shorting all non-essential or higher price retailers with a big footprint in hostility states, all these workers being laid off by lack of tourism + the gov worker job cuts won't have as much to spend (not my specific trade, but an example would be short target, long dollar general). i'm long, and buying, non-american/europe hotel chains and travel booking platforms that get most of their revenue outside the us, as i expect canadian and international tourists to concentrate their spend to europe/asia/oceania travel this summer. **edit 5. how do the european/international figures play?** it's important to note that the canadian tourism numbers dipped after the policies that happened in point 2. and we're seeing what those numbers are a few months later now. the us admin is rolling out these policies across the board tomorrow during "liberation day". the point here is that we won't see the true vector of an internal tourism boycott both in terms of magnitude and direction until the policies that were enacted on canada are enacted globally, and consumers have time to adjust behaviour. but if the canadian consumer is any indication, i have more conviction in my trades. **a glimpse into this being a trend is a french travel company reporting to bloomberg their europe to us travel bookings are down 25%.** **edit 6. example of the airline play** yes i know us airlines are already down a lot. rode that wave and exited my shorts. now i'm shorting air canada and onex (parent company of westjet), since they have much more exposure to us-can routes, and are cutting routes dramatically with no increase in capacity elsewhere also looking to short airline maitence companies, the food suppliers specific to flight food, and fuel refineries/storage those two airlines use, and retail stores with large exposure to airports that only see us/canada travel. but going long on regional air craft hangers since their smaller fleets are used the most for us/canada travel, while their bigger fleets will still be active for the europe/asia flight routes that havn't seen impact on demand. would like to hear what everyone thinks about this trade play. thanks! **source for numbers used** * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [
nvidia sheds almost $600 billion in market cap, biggest one-day loss in u.s. history nvidia lost close to $600 billion in market cap on monday, the biggest drop for any company on a single day in u.s. history. the chipmaker’s stock price plummeted 17% to close at $118.58. it was nvidia’s worst day on the market since march 16, 2020, which was early in the covid pandemic. after surpassing apple last week to become the most valuable publicly traded company, nvidia’s drop on monday led a 3.1% slide in the tech-heavy nasdaq. the selloff was sparked by concerns that chinese artificial intelligence lab deepseek is presenting increased competition in the global ai battle. late last month, deepseek unveiled a free, open-source large language model that it says took only two months and less than $6 million to build, using reduced-capability chips from nvidia, called h800s. nvidia’s graphics processing units (gpus) dominate the market for ai data center chips in the u.s., with tech giants like alphabet, meta, and amazon spending billions of dollars on the processors to train and run their ai models. analysts at cantor wrote in a report on monday that the release of deepseek’s latest technology has caused “great angst as to the impact for compute demand, and therefore, fears of peak spending on gpus.” the analysts, who recommend buying nvidia shares, said they “think this view is farthest from the truth,” and that advancements in ai will most likely lead to “the ai industry wanting more compute, not less.” but after nvidia’s huge run-up — the stock soared 239% in 2023 and 171% last year — the market is on edge about any possible pullback in spending. broadcom, the other big u.s. chipmaker to see giant valuation gains from ai, fell 17% on monday, pulling its market cap down by $200 billion. data center companies reliant on nvidia’s gpus for their hardware sales saw big selloffs as well. dell, hewlett packard enterprise and super micro computer dropped at least 5.8%. oracle, a part of president donald trump’s latest ai initiative, fell 14%. for nvidia, the loss was more than double the $279 billion drop the company saw in september, which was the biggest one-day market value loss in history at the time, unseating meta’s $232 billion loss in 2022. before that, the steepest drop was $182 billion by apple in 2020. nvidia’s decline is more than double the market cap of coca-cola and chevron and exceeds the market value of both oracle and netflix. ceo jensen huang’s net worth also took a massive hit, declining roughly $21 billion, according to forbes’ real-time billionaires list. the move demoted huang to 17th on the richest-person list. the sudden excitement around deepseek over the weekend pushed its app past openai’s chatgpt as the most-downloaded free app in the u.s. on apple’s app store. the model’s development comes despite a slew of recent curbs on u.s. chip exports to china. venture capitalist david sacks, who was tapped by trump to be the white house’s ai and crypto czar, wrote on x that deepseek’s model “shows that the ai race will be very competitive” and that trump was right to rescind president joe biden’s executive order last week on ai safety. “i’m confident in the u.s. but we can’t be complacent,” sacks wrote. nvidia is now the third most-valuable public company, behind apple and microsoft. source:
us credit rating has been downgraded today, may 15th, moody's, downgraded the united states credit rating. they cited that "successive us administrations and congress have failed to agree on measures to reverse the trend of large annual fiscal deficits and growing interest costs." a credit rating downgrade will lead to higher costs of borrowing and ultimately a further downturn of the economy.
tesla: the company is one giant lie tesla just posted abysmal earnings, and how does elon respond? with another song and dance about robots and self-driving cars—fairy tales he’s been spinning for years with no real results. meanwhile, the fundamentals are crumbling: declining margins, demand issues, and brutal price cuts just to move inventory. this company has been built on hype, not substance. fsd is nowhere near what was promised, cybertruck is a disaster, and now they’re leaning on ai pipe dreams to distract from the financial mess. when a catalyst hits this, downward price action will be the most drastic in history.
trump to announce new 20% tariffs this week on every single us trading partner, not just the initial group of 10-15 countries prev. stated what industries will this impact the most? previous tariffs announcements have been easy to understand what industries it will impact (for example auto tariffs, wine tariffs, etc.). what would a sweeping 20% tariff on virtually every single us trading partner mean for investing? will it lead to lower consumer demand in an already weak us consumer? will it lead to higher profits for us based companies? don't most us companies manufacturer outside of the us, so their operating costs/cogs will increase? **is anyone still buying sp500 etfs, or have people begun to sell? not sure what to do with my portfolio, or if i should dollar cost average buy vs. sell. if anyone can share how they are navigating this uncertainty - leaving the market completely or riding it out.** \--- sources [ [
tesla (tsla) accounting raises red flags as report shows $1.4 billion missing “tesla’s (tsla) accounting practices are raising red flags as a new report from the financial times shows that $1.4 billion is missing. many tesla shorts and detractors have questioned tesla’s accounting for years, but they have never gained much traction – until now. today, the financial times has released a new report pointing to a $1.4 billion gap in assets: **compare tesla’s capital expenditure in the last six months of 2024 to its valuation of the assets that money was spent on, and $1.4bn appears to have gone astray**.” official ft article without paywall:
tesla reports disappointing quarterly results as automotive revenue plunges 20% tesla reported a miss on the top and bottom lines in its first-quarter earnings report on tuesday as automotive revenue plunged 20% from a year earlier. here are the key numbers compared with lseg expectations. * **earnings per share**: 27 cents adjusted vs. 39 cents estimated * **revenue**: $19.34 billion vs. $21.11 billion estimated total revenue slid 9% from $21.3 billion a year earlier. automotive revenue dropped 20% to $14 billion from $17.4 billion in the same period last year. tesla said one reason for the decline was the need to update lines at its four vehicle factories to start making a refreshed version of its popular model y suv. the company also pointed to lower average selling prices and sales incentives as a drag on revenue and profit. net income plummeted 71% to $409 million, or 12 cents a share, from $1.39 billion or 41 cents a year ago. it’s been a brutal start to the year for tesla, with ceo elon musk spending much of his time in president donald trump’s white house, overseeing an effort to dramatically downsize the federal government. the president’s sweeping tariffs plan has led to concerns that costs will increase for parts and materials crucial for electric vehicle production, including manufacturing equipment, automotive glass, printed circuit boards and battery cells. tesla shares are down 41% so far in 2025, and suffered their worst quarterly drop since 2022 in the period that ended in march. the stock was little changed in extended trading on tuesday. the company refrained from promising growth this year and said it will “revisit our 2025 guidance in our q2 update.” in its shareholder deck, tesla cautioned investors that “uncertainty in the automotive and energy markets continues to increase as rapidly evolving trade policy adversely impacts the global supply chain and cost structure of tesla and our peers.” the company said this “dynamic,” and “changing political sentiment” could have a meaningful near-term impact on demand for its products. tesla has faced widespread protests in the u.s. and europe, where musk has actively supported germany’s far-right afd party. earlier this month, the company reported a 13% decline in first quarter deliveries from a year earlier to 336,681. tesla has been struggling to keep pace with lower-cost competitors in china, and is a laggard in the robotaxi market, which is currently dominated in the u.s. by alphabet’s waymo. the company has promised to launch its first driverless ride-hailing offering in austin, texas, in june. the company reassured investors on tuesday that it remains on track for a “pilot launch” in austin by that point, and to begin building its humanoid robots on a pilot production line in fremont, california, this year. operating income in the quarter slid 66% to $400 million from $1.17 billion a year earlier, resulting in a 2.1% operating margin. the company cited an increase in expenses tied to artificial intelligence projects as one factor in the decline. the company would have lost money on automotive sales without environmental regulatory credits during the quarter. revenue from the credits, which tesla receives for selling fully electric vehicles, increased to $595 million from $432 million in the same quarter last year. energy generation and storage revenue jumped 67% in the quarter to $2.73 billion from $1.64 billion a year ago. the company said growth in ai infrastructure is “creating an outsized opportunity for our energy storage products to stabilize the grid, shift energy when it is needed most and provide additional power capacity.” tesla uses foreign suppliers for its energy business. the company said “increasing tariffs may cause market volatility and near-term impacts to supply and demand.” source: [tesla (tsla) earnings report q1 2025](
tesla done in germany. 94% say they won’t buy a tesla car. a survey of over 100,000 germans revealed that 94% won't buy a tesla vehicle. it doesn't bode well for the automaker, whose sales had already been falling off a cliff in the important european market. in 2024, tesla saw a 41% reduction in sales in germany compared to 2023 despite ev sales surging 27% during the year.
is tsla permanently toast? i saw trump just put out a tweet literally begging people to buy tesla cars, an apparent act of desperation by musk. musk now seems to be despised by the blue voters, who were the main purchasers of tesla cars. what's more, the problem is even more acute in europe. in a very short period, tesla has become the most uncool car on the market. i don't know how the company's stock will not continue to slide.
buffett denies social media rumors after trump shares wild claim that investor backs president crashing market warren buffett went on the record friday to deny social media posts after president donald trump shared on truth social a fan video that claimed the president is tanking the stock market on purpose with the endorsement of the legendary investor. trump on friday shared an outlandish social media video that defends his recent policy decisions by arguing he is deliberately taking down the market as a strategic play to force lower interest and mortgage rates. “trump is crashing the stock market by 20% this month, but he’s doing it on purpose,” alleged the video, which trump posted on his truth social account. the video’s narrator then falsely states, “and this is why warren buffett just said, ‘trump is making the best economic moves he’s seen in over 50 years.’”
amazon is cutting 30k corporate jobs... and wall street is cheering lol so amazon just decided to yeet **30,000 corporate workers** into the sun not warehouse folks not seasonal hires the people who actually run the machine and the market’s reaction “yessss daddy bezos cut more costs please” stock goes up because apparently job losses = line go up here’s what’s wild everyone keeps saying ai is overhyped meanwhile amazon is basically saying “we don’t need humans for this anymore” aws slowing retail margins razor thin robots and llms taking the powerpoint warriors’ jobs imagine being told for years “get a tech job it’s safe” then boom ai says “you’re not even middle management material” this feels less like cost optimization and more like a warning shot for white-collar workers everywhere i’m holding amzn because tendies but damn something about this doesn’t feel bullish for society thoughts is this the new normal
disney+ and hulu face mass cancellations after jimmy kimmel suspension sparks coordinated boycott across social media no paywall: [ >celebrities have also weighed in on the controversy, which include notable disney actors and public figures such as david letterman and former vice president mike pence. >former "supernatural" actor misha collins posted on x to his more than 2.6 million followers he would cancel his disneyplus subscription "indefinitely." edit: “surge in cancellations” would be more accurate than “mass cancellations”. i am not able to edit the post title. we will see the actual numbers in next earnings.
honestly just sold everything. this market feels fake. idk if im crazy but i just liquidated my entire tech portfolio. everyone is screaming "santa rally" but looking at the macro data, this feels exactly like the dotcom peak. inflation is creeping back up so the fed is basically trapped tomorrow, and all this ai capex spending has zero roi besides some chatbots. i’d rather sit in cash and miss the last 5% up than watch my gains get wiped when the bubble pops in 2026. roast me if u want but im not holding the bag at all time highs. good luck to yall tho. important note: i am not a financial advisor. this is not investment advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any security. this post represents my personal, non-professional opinion for discussion purposes only. always do your own due diligence (dd) before making any investment decisions. i am not responsible for the outcome of your trades.
are we cooked? why is our president telling the largest retailer/grocer to "eat the tariffs" when we were told that it was the other countries paying them? post keeps getting removed so i think if i add this sentence it'll get to the group and i can hear some thoughts. is this the pin that pops the bubble?
the us dollar is done! threatening the independence of the fed, starting a ridiculous trade war and threatening allies with their gold depoits in the us. plus the maga economists and presidential advisers like miran circulating ideas to devalue us debt by forcing holders to accept unfavorable debt refounding. that's a technical default on us debt. it's just a matter of time. my predictions: the stock market will slump way further, this is not the bottom. everyone is selling their dollar denominated assets. and treasuries. good bye usa.
trump announces 25% tariffs on all cars ‘not made in the united states’ [ president donald trump on wednesday said he would impose 25% tariffs on “all cars that are not made in the united states.” trump said in the oval office that there is “absolutely no tariff” for cars that are made in the u.s. trump on monday had hinted that the auto tariffs could arrive prior to april 2, the day his sweeping “reciprocal tariff” plan is set to begin. “we’ll be announcing that fairly soon over the next few days, probably, and then april 2 comes, that’ll be reciprocal tariffs,” he said at a cabinet meeting. trump has long signaled his plans to impose heavy tariffs on foreign trading partners. but his unpredictable and frequently shifting policy rollouts have stirred turmoil in the stock market and left business leaders uncertain about how to plan for the future. trump has hyped april 2 as “liberation day” and “the big one.” his plan, as originally described, would slap reciprocal tariffs on all countries that have their own import duties on u.s. goods, while also imposing tariffs in response to other disfavored trade policies, such as the use of value-added taxes. but trump and his officials have recently suggested that the tariffs coming april 2 could end up being softer than they first appeared. trump said friday that “there’ll be flexibility” on those tariffs, and on tuesday night suggested the duties will be more “lenient than reciprocal.” treasury secretary scott bessent said last week that countries can pre-negotiate with the u.s. to avoid facing new tariffs on april 2.
mcdonald's reports largest revenue drop in us since pandemic as consumers pull back on spending sales shrank almost 4%, at 3.6%. it's concerning when fast food and retail businesses start seeing contracting sales from the us consumer. especially staples that are concerned with affordability like walmart and mcdonalds. if consumers are pulling back spending on "cheap", low cart value items like a mcdonalds meal then it signals to me a budget constrained, worried consumer who won't spend on higher price discretionary categories like electronics, home reno, travel, etc. the flip side of this - other fast food companies like domino's have been doing fine. so maybe this is also a combination of mcdonald's price hikes, lack of promotions, declining affordability, and increased competition. it could be both the macro and the company specific issues that created this result.
breaking: trump places 100% tariff on china starting november 1st the s&p 500 falls 70+ points in seconds after president trump publishes the below paragraph about china. donald j. trump truth social post 04:50 pm est 10/10/25 it has just been learned that china has taken an extraordinarily aggressive position on trade in sending an extremely hostile letter to the world, stating that they were going to, effective november 1st, 2025, impose large scale export controls on virtually every product they make, and some not even made by them. this affects all countries, without exception, and was obviously a plan devised by them years ago. it is absolutely unheard of in international trade, and a moral disgrace in dealing with other nations. based on the fact that china has taken this unprecedented position, and speaking only for the u.s.a., and not other nations who were similarly threatened, starting november 1st, 2025 (or sooner, depending on any further actions or changes taken by china), the united states of america will impose a tariff of 100% on china, over and above any tariff that they are currently paying. also on november 1st, we will impose export controls on any and all critical software. it is impossible to believe that china would have taken such an action, but they have, and the rest is history. thank you for your attention to this matter! donald j. trump president of the united states of america
wsj: dow headed for worst april since 1932 as investors send ‘no confidence’ signal [story]( hats off to the administration for this amazing accomplishment. it takes coordinated ineptitude to pull this off and the administration delivered it in spades. to be clear, this is not the end of the world. the world is fine and it is not going to implode. i live in asia and although people here do expect a recession, they are not running around with their hair on fire. however, the us exceptionalism and the dominance of the us dollar are very likely to end, as declaring trade war against the entire world, ignoring court orders and attacking the independence of the central bank are all very stupid things to do. "trade wars are good and easy to win" \-donald trump
the us bond market is continuing to crash. will this make trump back off of china? bond yields peaked right before trump paused his tariffs. trump himself even said he paused because the bond markets were getting “yippy” and lots of sources say the bond market crash was his main reason for the pause. today bond yields have spiked just as high as they were when trump enacted his 90 day pause. he clearly cares about this measure given the action he took a few days ago. could this continued sell off on bonds cause trump to back off of china? according the the ft, ten minutes ago, talking about bond yields today: “they point to a complete loss of faith in the strongest bond market in the world.” i know i’m the one who asked the question, but in my opinion it seems like there’s a decent chance this will cause trump to back off, because otherwise this will lead to a much larger crisis, with the u.s losing its reserve currency status and the debt becoming more expensive than whatever we may generate from tariffs. he already backed off once for the same reason....
agriculture isn't nearing trade war tariffs crisis, 'it is full blown crisis already' farmers say >the global backlash to president trump’s tariffs is punishing u.s. agriculture, especially a decline in chinese buying of u.s. farm products. >a leading agriculture exports group says “massive” losses are already racking up at farms, with cancelled orders, pricing pressure as demand slumps and layoffs, as china stops buying products from pork to hay and straw, and lumber. >“no one can replace all the volume that china buys,” one farm operator reported.
cnbc: trump directs commissioner of labor statistics to be fired [source with info.]( no doubt he'll accuse him of faking the numbers to make him look bad and try to install someone who will only report sunshine and rainbows. this, obviously, comes after the july report showed only 73k jobs added and dramatic decreases of the may and june reports. edit: yup, blaming her for trying to make him look bad. > i was just informed that our country’s “jobs numbers” are being produced by a biden appointee, dr. erika mcentarfer, the commissioner of labor statistics, who faked the jobs numbers before the election to try and boost kamala’s [harris’] chances of victory,” trump wrote.
the reality of what’s happening. it’s crazy i’m at an auto shop getting the car done today and i’m overhearing people talking about the market. this guy in here is saying how it’s all smart and trump is trying to do a 20% cut on purpose. he was saying we need to bring these manufacturing jobs here, and said yeah we need to make tires here! i’m not an expert but i’m fairly sure the us has almost no rubber plantations or manufacturing. on top of the other issues like the fact that who the fuck would want to work at a rubber plantation? then he was saying that hopefully all this manufacturing will be back in the us before the tariffs affect prices! he was saying that almost all brake fluid is made in the usa which idk how true that is but sounds false, not to mention it doesn’t ask the question of where do the plastic containers or aluminum containers it’s stored in come from? not to mention the many other auto parts that aren’t made here and won’t be made here. he is a normal mechanic in a swing state, just seeing the opinion of the everyday person shows me how deep people are into this and they will not accept that this isn’t part of a master plan in their favor. i also notice he keeps talking about the “trillions” of dollars that are going to be invested in this country like they would see any of that. it’s just proof that trump announcing these investments literally works perfectly to placate many. my prediction is that the stock market continues to shrink until the tariffs are gone at least and that about half the country will be in denial about it.
tariffs are back on trump says! **trump on truth social**: nobody is getting “off the hook” for the unfair trade balances, and non monetary tariff barriers, that other countries have used against us, especially not china which, by far, treats us the worst! there was no tariff “exception” announced on friday. these products are subject to the existing 20% fentanyl tariffs, and they are just moving to a different tariff “bucket.” the fake news knows this, but refuses to report it. we are taking a look at semiconductors and the whole electronics supply chain in the upcoming national security tariff investigations. what has been exposed is that we need to make products in the united states, and that we will not be held hostage by other countries, especially hostile trading nations like china, which will do everything within its power to disrespect the american people. we also cannot let them continue to abuse us on trade, like they have for decades, those days are over! the golden age of america, which includes the upcoming tax and regulation cuts, a substantial amount of which was just approved by the house and senate, will mean more and better paying jobs, making products in our nation, and treating other countries, in particular china, the same way they have treated us. the bottom line is that our country will be bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. we will, make america great again! this is why you don't believe any news over the weekend unless trump or the white house covers on it. tariffs are back on now!
companies in the eu are starting to look for ways to ditch amazon, google, and microsoft cloud services. #trump’s aggression sours europe on us cloud giants ###companies in the eu are starting to look for ways to ditch amazon, google, and microsoft cloud services amid fears of rising security risks from the us. but cutting ties won’t be easy. > the global backlash against the second donald trump administration keeps on growing. canadians have boycotted us-made products, anti–elon musk posters have appeared across london amid widespread tesla protests, and european officials have drastically increased military spending as us support for ukraine falters. dominant us tech services may be the next focus. > there are early signs that some european companies and governments are souring on their use of american cloud services provided by the three so-called hyperscalers. between them, google cloud, microsoft azure, and amazon web services (aws) host vast swathes of the internet and keep thousands of businesses running. however, some organizations appear to be reconsidering their use of these companies’ cloud services—including servers, storage, and databases—citing uncertainties around privacy and data access fears under the trump administration. > “there’s a huge appetite in europe to de-risk or decouple the over-dependence on us tech companies, because there is a concern that they could be weaponized against european interests,” says marietje schaake, a nonresident fellow at stanford’s cyber policy center and a former, decade-long member of the european parliament. > the moves may already be underway. on march 18, politicians in the netherlands house of representatives passed eight motions asking the government to reduce reliance on us tech companies and move to european alternatives. days before, more than 100 organizations signed an open letter to european officials calling for the continent to become “more technologically independent” and saying the status quo creates “security and reliability risks.” > two european-based cloud service companies, exoscale and elastx, tell wired they have seen an uptick in potential customers looking to abandon us cloud providers over the last two weeks—with some already starting to make the jump. multiple technology advisers say they are having widespread discussions about what it would take to uproot services, data, and systems. > “we have more demand from across europe,” says mathias nöbauer, the ceo of swiss-based hosting provider exoscale, adding there has been an increase in new customers seeking to move away from cloud giants. “some customers were very explicit,” nöbauer says. “especially customers from denmark being very explicit that they want to move away from us hyperscalers because of the us administration and what they said about greenland.” > “it's a big worry about the uncertainty around everything. and from the europeans’ perspective—that the us is maybe not on the same team as us any longer,” says joakim öhman, the ceo of swedish cloud provider elastx. “those are the drivers that bring people or organizations to look at alternatives.” > concerns have been raised about the current data-sharing agreement between the eu and us, which is designed to allow information to move between the two continents while protecting people’s rights. multiple previous versions of the agreement have been struck down by european courts. at the end of january, trump fired three democrats from the privacy and civil liberties oversight board (pclob), which helps manage the current agreement. the move could undermine or increase uncertainty around the agreement. in addition, öhman says, he has heard concerns from firms about the cloud act, which can allow us law enforcement to subpoena user data from tech companies, potentially including data that is stored in systems outside of the us. > dave cottlehuber, the founder of skunkwerks, a small tech infrastructure firm in austria, says he has been moving the company’s few servers and databases away from us providers to european services since the start of the year. “first and foremost, it’s about values,” cottlehuber says. “for me, privacy is a right not a privilege.” cottlehuber says the decision to move is easier for a small business such as his, but he argues it removes some taxes that are paid to the trump administration. “the best thing i can do is to remove that small contribution of mine, and also at the same time, make sure that my customers’ privacy is respected and preserved,” cottlehuber says. > steffen schmidt, the ceo of medicusdata, a company that provides text-to-speech services to doctors and hospitals in europe, says that having data in europe has always “been a must,” but his customers have been asking for more in recent weeks. “since the beginning of 2025, in addition to data residency guarantees, customers have actively asked us to use cloud providers that are natively european companies,” schmidt says, adding that some of his services have been moved to nöbauer’s exoscale. > harry staight, a spokesperson for aws, says it is “not accurate” that customers are moving from aws to eu alternatives. “our customers have control over where they store their data and how it is encrypted, and we make the aws cloud sovereign-by-design,” straight says. “aws services support encryption with customer managed keys that are inaccessible to aws, which means customers have complete control of who accesses their data.” staight says the membership of the pclob “does not impact” the agreements around eu-us data sharing and that the cloud act has “additional safeguards for cloud content.” google and microsoft declined to comment. > the potential shift away from us tech firms is not just linked to cloud providers. since january 15, visitors to the european alternatives website increased more than 1,200 percent. the site lists everything from music streaming services to ddos protection tools, says marko saric, a cofounder of european cloud analytics service plausible. “we can certainly feel that something is going on,” saric says, claiming that during the first 18 days of march the company has “beaten” the net recurring revenue growth it saw in january and february. “this is organic growth which cannot be explained by any seasonality or our activities,” he says. > while there are signs of movement, the impact is likely to be small—at least for now. around the world, governments and businesses use multiple cloud services—such as authentication measures, hosting, data storage, and increasingly data centers providing ai processing—from the big three cloud and tech service providers. cottlehuber says that, for large businesses, it may take many months, if not longer, to consider what needs to be moved, the risks involved, plus actually changing systems. “what happens if you have a hundred petabytes of storage, it's going to take years to move over the internet,” he says. > for years, european companies have struggled to compete with the likes of google, microsoft, and amazon’s cloud services and technical infrastructure, which make billions every year. it may also be difficult to find similar services on the scale of those provided by alternative european cloud firms. > “if you are deep into the hyperscaler cloud ecosystem, you’ll struggle to find equivalent services elsewhere,” says bert hubert, an entrepreneur and former government regulator, who says he has heard of multiple new cloud migrations to us firms being put on hold or reconsidered. hubert has argued that it is no longer “safe” for european governments to be moved to us clouds and that european alternatives can’t properly compete. “we sell a lot of fine wood here in europe. but not that much furniture,” he says. however, that too could change. > schaake, the former member of the european parliament, says a combination of new investments, a different approach to buying public services, and a europe-first approach or investing in a european technology stack could help to stimulate any wider moves on the continent. “the dramatic shift of the trump administration is very tangible,” schaake says. “the idea that anything could happen and that europe should fend for itself is clear. now we need to see the same kind of pace and leadership that we see with defense to actually turn this into meaningful action.” **credit:** *(matt burgess is a senior writer at wired focused on information security, privacy, and data regulation in europe. he graduated from the university of sheffield with a degree in journalism and now lives in london.)*
trump orders creation of us sovereign wealth fund, says it could buy tiktok [ u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order on monday ordering the u.s. treasury and commerce departments to create a sovereign wealth fund and said it may purchase tiktok. "we're going to stand this thing up within the next 12 months. we're going to monetize the asset side of the u.s. balance sheet for the american people," treasury secretary scott bessent told reporters. "there'll be a combination of liquid assets, assets that we have in this country as we work to bring them out for the american people." trump had previously floated such a government investment vehicle as a presidential candidate, saying it could fund "great national endeavors" like infrastructure projects such as highways and airports, manufacturing, and medical research. details on how exactly the fund would operate and be financed were not immediately available, but trump previously said it could be funded by "tariffs and other intelligent things." typically such funds rely on a country's budget surplus to make investments, but the u.s. operates at a deficit. there are over 90 such funds across the world managing over $8 trillion in assets, according to the international forum of sovereign wealth funds. tiktok, which has about 170 million american users, was briefly taken offline just before a law requiring its chinese owner bytedance to either sell it on national security grounds or face a ban took effect on jan. 19.trump, after taking office on jan. 20, signed an executive order seeking to delay by 75 days the enforcement of the law. trump has said that he was in talks with multiple people over tiktok's purchase and would likely have a decision on the popular app's future in february.
trumpcession: how to prepare the federal reserve indicators are showing negative gdp for the first quarter, employers just added the fewest jobs since 2009, the market is increasingly volatile, consumer confidence is declining, and who knows what’s happening with tariffs anymore. all of this indicates a recession is coming. i know this sucks and there is a lot that is out of our control. but if you also think a recession is coming, what are you doing to prepare?
white house announces $600 billion saudi investment in u.s. [source]( >among the agreements secured is a nearly $142 billion defense sales deal, providing the kingdom with “state-of-the-art warfighting equipment and services from over a dozen u.s. defense firms,” the white house said. > >that commitment is nearly double saudi arabia’s 2025 defense budget, which totaled $78 billion. the white house’s announcement does not say when the defense deal is expected to conclude. >the white house also announced commitments from saudi digital infrastructure business datavolt to pursue a $20 billion investment in ai data centers in the u.s.
trump resumed his attacks on jerome powell thursday, calling the central bank boss a "fool" who "doesn’t have a clue." the comments on social media platform truth social came one day after the fed kept its interest rates unchanged and powell reiterated that he would wait for greater clarity on how trump’s tariffs would affect the economy before deciding on a path for monetary policy going forward. trump has repeatedly called for the fed to lower rates. he didn’t repeat that demand thursday but he did resurface his contention that powell has a history of moving too late on monetary policy. ′′'too late' jerome powell is a fool, who doesn’t have a clue. other than that, i like him very much!”
trump threatens to cut musk’s government contracts, escalating their public feud > president donald trump threatened to cut elon musk’s government contracts as their fractured alliance rapidly escalated into a public feud thursday. hours after trump lamented his breakup with musk and said he was “disappointed” in his former backer and advisor and musk responded on social media, trump escalated the feud by threatening to use the u.s. government to hurt musk’s bottom line. “the easiest way to save money in our budget, billions and billions of dollars, is to terminate elon’s governmental subsidies and contracts,” trump wrote on his social media network. “i was always surprised that biden didn’t do it!” [source](
breaking: walmart to hike prices imminently earnings call on prices "we will likely see price hikes toward the end of this month and then certainly much more in june," per chief financial officer john david rainey "we will do our best to keep our prices as low as possible but given the magnitude of the tariffs, even at the reduced levels announced this week, we aren't able to absorb all the pressure given the reality of narrow retail margins," ceo doug mcmillon are we cooked? personally, this market doesn't make sense to me. originally, i thought it was quite over sold, especially parts of the market, but now i feel like it's gone the other direction. i guess we will see.
tesla speeds up odometers to avoid warranty repairs, us lawsuit claims [ (reuters) - tesla faces a proposed class action claiming it speeds up odometers on its electric vehicles so they fall out of warranty faster, saving elon musk's company from having to pay for repairs. the plaintiff nyree hinton alleged that tesla odometer readings reflect energy consumption, driver behavior and "predictive algorithms" rather than actual mileage driven. he said the odometer on the 2020 model y he bought in december 2022 with 36,772 miles on the clock ran at least 15% fast, based on his other vehicles and driving history, and for a while said he drove 72 miles a day when at most he drove 20. hinton, a los angeles resident, said this caused his 50,000-mile basic warranty to expire well ahead of schedule, leaving him with a $10,000 suspension repair bill that he thought tesla should cover. "by tying warranty limits and lease mileage caps to inflated 'odometer' readings, tesla increases repair revenue, reduces warranty obligations, and compels consumers to purchase extended warranties prematurely," the complaint said. tesla and its lawyer did not immediately respond on thursday to requests for comment, but have denied all material allegations in the lawsuit. the austin, texas-based company does not have a media relations office. hinton is seeking compensatory and punitive damages for tesla drivers in california, potentially encompassing more than 1 million vehicles, court papers show. tesla moved his lawsuit this month to los angeles federal court from a state court in that city. the automaker has also faced litigation accusing it of inflating vehicle driving ranges. in march 2024, a federal judge in oakland, california said drivers in that case must pursue their claims in individual arbitrations, not a class action. the case is hinton v tesla inc et al, u.s. district court, central district of california, no. 25-02877.
because i work for a big wall street firm, i'm limited on what i can write here. but here's a story you may enjoy. as mentioned, i've been w/a big wall street firm for decades, which means that i have a lot of restrictions on what i can write publicly. but pretty sure this story is fine, since the company is long gone. an old, but true, story. it is represents much of what i went through in the late 1990s, in the midst of the dot com bubble. etoys was an online toy retailer that did an ipo in january 1999 for $20 per share. by the end of the day, it closed at $76 per share. i received a call from a client, who was probably in her late 70s at the time. she mostly bought blue chip stocks, utility stocks, preferreds, and tax-free bonds. the conversation went something like this... client: sj, i want to buy a stock. me: ok, what are we looking at? client: it's called etoys. they sell toys online. they are going to be the next toys r us, only bigger! me: (looking things over) me: you know, they did their ipo at $20 and the stock is now at $80? client: i know, they're doing very well! me: the stock is doing very well, but i'm not sure that the company is doing too well. they are new and unproven and they don't have anything resembling a profit or net income. why do you want to buy this thing? client: my son-in-law recommended it. he is a very smart young man! me: well, he may be smart, but i also know that son-in-laws can get you in a lot of trouble. how many shares are you considering? client: i want to buy 1,000 shares! me: that's $80,000! (a lot of money now, but really a lot back in the late 1990s). client: i know. i have a lot of confidence in etoys and in my son-in-law! me: can i talk you out of buying this stock? client: no, i've made up my mind. me: are you open to a compromise? client: what do you have in mind? me: instead of buying 1,000 shares of etoys, let's buy 50 shares instead. client: 50 shares? but that's only $4,000! me: i know, but i'll feel a lot better watching you lose $4,000 than i would if you lost $80,000. (long pause) client: ok, do it. buy me 50 shares of etoys! i bought the shares, the company went bankrupt, and she lost all of her money. but again, a $4,000 loss beats the heck out of an $80,000 loss! [etoys chart](
trump tells walmart to 'eat the tariffs' instead of raising prices washington (reuters) -u.s. president donald trump said on saturday that walmart should "eat the tariffs" instead of blaming duties imposed by his administration on imported goods for the retailer's increased prices. his comments were in response to the world's largest retailer saying this week it would have to start raising prices later this month due to high tariffs. "walmart should stop trying to blame tariffs as the reason for raising prices throughout the chain. walmart made billions of dollars last year, far more than expected," trump said in a social media post. "between walmart and china they should, as is said, 'eat the tariffs,' and not charge valued customers anything." a representative of walmart could not be immediately reached for comment. walmart ceo doug mcmillon said on thursday the retailer could not absorb all the tariff costs because of narrow retail margins. even so, he said, the company was committed to ensuring that tariff-related costs on general merchandise - which primarily comes from china - would not drive food prices higher. many u.s. companies have either slashed or pulled their full-year expectations in the wake of friction between the u.s. and its trading partners, particularly china, as consumers curtail spending. as a bellwether of u.s. consumer health, walmart's explicit statement about the impact of tariffs is a signpost for how the trade war is affecting the retail sector. walmart is noted for its ability to manage costs more aggressively than other companies to keep prices low. every week, some 255 million people shop in its stores or place orders online around the world, and 90% of the u.s. population lives within 10 miles (16 km) of a walmart. walmart's disclosure comes about three weeks after a published report that amazon planned to disclose how much trump-imposed tariffs were adding to the costs of its products. the white house blasted amazon over the report, which the company promptly denied.
donald trump authorises 90-day pause on all tariffs effective immediately quote from trump: "based on the lack of respect that china has shown to the world’s markets, i am hereby raising the tariff charged to china by the united states of america to 125%, effective immediately. at some point, hopefully in the near future, china will realize that the days of ripping off the u.s.a., and other countries, is no longer sustainable or acceptable. conversely, and based on the fact that more than 75 countries have called representatives of the united states, including the departments of commerce, treasury, and the ustr, to negotiate a solution to the subjects being discussed relative to trade, trade barriers, tariffs, currency manipulation, and non monetary tariffs, and that these countries have not, at my strong suggestion, retaliated in any way, shape, or form against the united states, i have authorized a 90 day pause, and a substantially lowered reciprocal tariff during this period, of 10%, also effective immediately. thank you for your attention to this matter!"
us tourism industry expecting a $64 billion drop in 2025 revenue due to travel restrictions by the trump admin and international boycotts us travel economy is expecting a 5% decrease in tourism for 2025 due to new travel restrictions by the trump admin and consumer boycott movements, translating to a $64 billion impact on the travel economy consisting of hospitality (hotels, rentals), retail, travel (airlines, car rentals, buses), and food (chains, small restaurants, convenience stores) note this is an estimate, and the actual decrease in tourism may be higher or lower than 5% this news come as companies adjust their earnings forecast, as giants such as consumer discretionary staples such as pepsi, nike, starbucks have missed earnings projections due to slumping us consumer confidence and decreasing tourism source: [
this uk trade deal is an absolute nothing-burger and yet the market continues to pump. i can’t believe we let this orange clown continue to spew bullshit and reward him for it. the tariffs aren’t leaving, there’s still a 10% blanket tariff on all imports from the uk and that’s even with a big beautiful earth shattering deal. what are we even doing man? we can’t even remove a blanket tariff on a country we have a trade surplus with? the tariffs aren’t getting resolved it’s so obvious.
firing powell would hurt the dollar and us economy, france says [ (bloomberg) — president donald trump would put the credibility of the dollar on the line and destabilize the us economy if he fired federal reserve chair jerome powell, french finance minister eric lombard warned. “donald trump has hurt the credibility of the dollar with his aggressive moves on tariffs — for a long time,” lombard said in an interview published in the la tribune dimanche newspaper. if powell is pushed out “this credibility will be harmed even more, with developments in the bond market.” the result would be higher costs to service the debt and “a profound disorganization of the country’s economy,” lombard said, adding that the consequences would bring the us sooner or later to talks to end the tensions. lombard’s comments come after trump, frustrated with powell’s caution to cut us interest rates, posted on social media thursday that powell’s “termination couldn’t come quickly enough.” it wasn’t clear whether he meant he wanted to fire powell or was eager for the end of his term, which is may 2026. national economic council director kevin hassett said friday trump was studying whether he could fire him. president emmanuel macron has opposed trump on a series of issues including ukraine, trade and even offered refuge in france for us-based scientists whose federal research funding has been cut. even so, lombard’s comments are unusually direct about us domestic matters. on tariffs, france’s finance minister said the 10% tariffs trump has imposed on imports from the eu don’t constitute “common ground” and that europe’s goal is for a free trade zone with the us. the 10% level is “a huge increase that isn’t sustainable for the us economy and represents major risks for global trade,” lombard said. the finance minister also called on european ceos to show “patriotism” and work with their governments so the region doesn’t lose out. on thursday, french billionaire bernard arnault, whose group lvmh owns champagne labels like moët & chandon and veuve clicquot as well as hennessy cognac, seemed to suggest that eu leaders weren’t pushing hard enough for an accord on tariffs.
china tells us to ‘cancel all unilateral tariffs’ if it wants talks on 24th april, 2025, china's ministry of commerce stated that the united states must cancel all unilateral tariffs if it wishes to resume trade negotiations. the announcement reflects a firm stance from beijing amid elevated trade tensions. chinese officials have also denied that any current negotiations are taking place, despite recent comments from u.s. leadership suggesting progress. in addition to reiterating their demand for tariff removal, china has introduced new export restrictions and initiated cases at the world trade organization. tariffs between the two countries now reach as high as 145% on u.s. imports from china and 125% on chinese imports from the u.s. full ft article here: [
trump to hit canada, mexico with 25% tariffs on saturday * president says he is still weighing 10% tariffs on china * canada, mexico tariffs threaten to upend auto, energy sectors **thoughts:** we will literally see a decision from trump tonight regarding whether or not oil will be exempted from the tariffs, otherwise the stocks i'm watching on the overnight exchange are f/gm/tm and tsla/lcid (stands to lose rather than gain if oil is exempted) in addition to all the oil stocks that are standard (oil, bp, xom, etc). we might also see some volatility tomorrow at the open, vix has already spiked but went back to preannouncement levels. ~~edit: tariffs are delayed until march 1st~~ # [edit 2: announcement of tariff delay has been debunked, still continuing on saturday according to wh press secretary ]( >president donald trump president donald trump said he would follow through on his threat to impose 25% tariffs on imports from canada and mexico on feb. 1, citing the flow of fentanyl and large trade deficits as among the reasons for his decision. >“we’ll be announcing the tariffs on canada and mexico for a number of reasons,” trump told reporters thursday in the oval office as he signed executive actions in response to a deadly airplane collision. >“number one is the people that have poured into our country so horribly and so much. number two are the drugs, fentanyl and everything else that have come into the country. number three are the massive subsidies that we’re giving to canada and to mexico in the form of deficits,” he said. >west texas intermediate oil futures climbed above $73 a barrel following the comments. the us dollar wiped out an earlier loss to touch the day’s high after the remarks, while the canadian dollar and mexican peso both plunged. us treasuries pared their gains. >trump indicated the 25% rate could represent a floor, saying that the tariff levels “may or may not rise with time.” >but the us president did suggest he was still considering if one significant import — oil — would be exempted. trump said would be making a determination as soon as thursday evening, basing his decision upon the price of oil. >“we don’t need the products that they have. we have all the oil that you need. we have all the trees you need,” trump added, referring to major imports from canada. >trump’s move was closely anticipated by markets as well as global business and political leaders who have scrutinized his words and actions for any indication on whether the us president would deliver on his levy threats or use them as the starting point for negotiations on trade. >trump in recent days threatened and then pulled back on tariffs against colombia in a dispute over deportations of undocumented migrants, leading some to speculate that he was using trade levies merely as leverage to seek policy concessions. >trump also indicated that he would proceed with tariffs on china. he didn’t specify the levy, though he’s previously said it would be 10%. trump has said beijing failed to follow through on promises to prevent fentanyl and the chemicals used to make the deadly drugs from flowing into the us. >“with china, i’m also thinking about something because they’re sending fentanyl into our country, and because of that, they’re causing us hundreds of thousands of deaths,” trump said thursday. “so china is going to end up paying a tariff also for that, and we’re in the process of doing that.” >trump has ordered his administration to investigate whether china complied with a trade deal struck during his first term, setting the stage for tariffs against the world’s second largest economy. >following through on tariffs against canada and mexico, who are us neighbors, major trading partners, and export markets, threatens to have dramatic economic consequences, rattle markets and potentially launch a trade war by undermining protections from a three-nation free trade agreement. >both countries have pledged to respond to any trade levies, including with retaliatory tariffs, even as their leaders sought to assure the us they were addressing border concerns in a bid to defuse the conflict. >“if these tariffs go into effect, canada will respond,” canadian ambassador to the us kirsten hillman said thursday. “this is not something that we want to do. we do not want to get into a tariff-back-and-forth with the united states. it’s not good for canada, canadians and canadian workers and it’s not good for the united states, americans and american workers.” >hillman said that canada has responded to trump’s concerns about the border by clamping down and announcing new security measures, including added drones and helicopters. >canadian prime minister justin trudeau visited trump at his mar-a-lago resort even before the president was inaugurated in a bid to ease tensions between their nations, and mexican president claudia sheinbaum spoke to trump to try to avert the levies. >in the first 11 months of 2024, us trade with canada totaled $699 billion and $776 billion with mexico. and the magnitude of tariffs trump will enact could have stark impacts on particular industries, such as the auto industry and the energy sector. shares of us automakers ford motor co. and general motors co. turned negative on the announcement, erasing earlier gains. >“president trump’s tariffs will tax america first,” matthew holmes, executive vice president at the canadian chamber of commerce, said thursday. “from higher costs at the pumps, grocery stores and online checkout, tariffs cascade through the economy and end up hurting consumers and businesses on both sides of the border. this is a lose-lose.” >trump is also promising sectoral tariffs, such as on pharmaceuticals, semiconductor chips, steel, aluminum and copper, which could apply widely to many countries, including canada and mexico. >the us president is an avowed believer in tariffs, saying they will force a renaissance in domestic manufacturing, though industry groups warn that it will upend supply chains and endanger existing factories by raising costs of source materials. >he’s hailed tariffs as a source of revenue as lawmakers move to renew and expand expiring tax cuts and approve other credits and benefits the president promised on the campaign trail. trump wants to reduce the corporate rate to 15% for firms that manufacture goods in the us, compared to the current 21% rate.said he would follow through on his threat to impose 25% tariffs on imports from canada and mexico on feb. 1, citing the flow of fentanyl and large trade deficits as among the reasons for his decision. >“we’ll be announcing the tariffs on canada and mexico for a number of reasons,” trump told reporters thursday in the oval office as he signed executive actions in response to a deadly airplane collision. >“number one is the people that have poured into our country so horribly and so much. number two are the drugs, fentanyl and everything else that have come into the country. number three are the massive subsidies that we’re giving to canada and to mexico in the form of deficits,” he said. >west texas intermediate oil futures climbed above $73 a barrel following the comments. the us dollar wiped out an earlier loss to touch the day’s high after the remarks, while the canadian dollar and mexican peso both plunged. us treasuries pared their gains. link: [
trump: all trade negotiations with canada are hereby terminated. thank you for your attention to this matter! >the ronald reagan foundation has just announced that canada has fraudulently used an advertisement, which is fake, featuring ronald reagan speaking negatively about tariffs. the ad was for $75,000. they only did this to interfere with the decision of the u.s. supreme court, and other courts. tariffs are very important to the national security, and economy, of the u.s.a. based on their egregious behavior, all trade negotiations with canada are hereby terminated. thank you for your attention to this matter! president djt time to buy more gold and silver.
walmart, target, home depot ceos warn trump tariffs risk supply chain disruptions, higher prices, and product shortages source: "the big box ceos flat out told him [trump] the prices aren't going up, they're steady right now, but they will go up. and this wasn't about food. but he was told that shelves will be empty," an administration official familiar with the meeting told axios. another official briefed on the meeting said the ceos told trump disruptions could become noticeable in two weeks.
us fed chair jay powell speaking today in chicago, warns of decreasing growth combined with increasing and prolonged price inflation ahead currently happening live - key points that were interesting [ [ "powell said the president’s tariffs announced so far had been 'significantly larger than anticipated', adding that 'the same was likely to be true of the economic effects, which will include higher inflation and slower growth'." powell "later added that those economic effects may place us rate setters 'in the challenging scenario in which our dual-mandate goals are in tension'. the fed’s dual mandate is to keep inflation at 2 per cent while promoting 'maximum' employment levels." "several fed officials — including john williams, head of the new york fed, and governor christopher waller — have said inflation is likely to surge in the coming months on the back of the administration’s proposed tariffs. while waller thinks the impact of tariffs will prove shortlived, other members of the rate-setting federal open market committee which powell chairs believe trump’s tariffs have increased the odds that inflation will be a longer problem for us consumers." "the us central bank has kept its benchmark federal funds target range at 4.25-4.5 per cent this year, with officials saying they are well-placed to respond once the economic data show the effects of the president’s policies on american businesses and households."
suspicious tesla sales surge triggers canadian government investigation * **tesla reported 8,600 sales in three days, triggering $43 million in government ev rebates.** * **a single toronto tesla location claimed over 1,200 sales, raising concerns about possible rebate misuse.** * **transport canada is investigating potential irregularities in tesla’s sales amid the suspension of the rebate program.** [
can we actually report trump for market manipulation over his tweets? like... real question. dude drops tariffs, tanks the market, then tweets “**this is a great time to buy**!!!” right after — and magically, his own stock pops premarket like a toaster pastry. isn’t that textbook market manipulation? or does shouting in all caps make it legal now? if any other ceo did this, the sec would’ve already parked a van outside their house. but when trump does it, it’s just another tuesday on twitter. is there a hotline? a google form? a carrier pigeon i can send to the sec? not saying i expect anything to happen... just wondering how much more obvious it needs to be before someone goes, “hey, wait a minute...”
the u.s. dollar fell about 11% against other currencies in the first half of this year, its biggest decline in over 50 years > the u.s. dollar ended the first half of 2025 with its biggest loss since 1973. the dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies of the u.s.’s major trading partners, fell about 11% from january through the end of june. that decline also marked the end of a structural bull cycle for the dollar, which started in 2010 and ended in 2024 with an accumulated gain of about 40%. > although the currency strengthened 3.2% in july, recovering some of this year’s depreciation, morgan stanley research expects the decline to continue, possibly adding another 10% in losses by the end of next year. “we're likely at the intermission rather than the finale,” says david adams, head of g10 fx strategy at morgan stanley. “the second act for the dollar’s weakening should come over the next 12 months, as u.s. interest rates and growth converge with those of the rest of the world.” > the u.s. currency depreciation could have significant impacts for consumers, businesses, investors and ultimately for the overall economy: it would be more expensive for americans to travel abroad. u.s. assets could be less compelling for foreign investors. import prices could rise, putting pressure on inflation. on the positive side, however, the weaker dollar could be a boost for american exporters.
tsla investors, beware trump's support of tesla is a desperate and last ditch effort to save the falling stock. this is a pump and dump. he did that with the trump & melania meme coins, then with other shitcoins, and now tsla. if you hold shares, this is your opportunity to dump them. just my opinion. not financial advice ;)
trump says china’s xi called him – time magazine interview. source: **will you call president xi if he doesn't call you?** no. **you won't?** nope. **has he called you yet?** yep. **when did he call you?** he's called. and i don't think that's a sign of weakness on his behalf. _____________________________________________________ trump lies so much that he even believes it himself. this is why i said earlier anything he says must be confirmed by the other parties, from china to eu to canada to mexico to japan, the list goes on.
target takes an earnings beating target has had bad news after bad news. in the most completely politically agnostic way, their dei stance really hurt the brand and store traffic. they had previously faced issues from store thefts, bloated inventories and declining sales as shoppers switched to more cost friendly retailers. and this was all before tariffs took center stage. now target has cut their 2025 forecast as revenue decreases and in store shopping drops. adjusted earnings also came in notably lower. target ceo avoided saying whether prices would increase because of tariff pressures, but the headwinds continue to mount. a few brighter spots are growing digital sales and increased same day delivery. both full year revenue and earnings have been adjusted down and target has created a new initiative to address the challenges. but overall the macro environment and company specific challenges have beaten down target badly. edit: the amount of responses solely focused on dei are wild. many commenters don’t believe it had any impact on target. many other commenters directly are saying they stopped shopping on reddit because of it. and many commenters don’t seem to realize this is a thing outside of reddit and that a national boycott does in fact damage brand and sales, even if only a small amount amongst other issues
trump calls for end to $52 billion chips act subsidy program >president donald trump called for ending a bipartisan $52 billion semiconductor subsidy program that’s spurred more than $400 billion in investments from companies like taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. and intel corp. >“your chips act is a horrible, horrible thing,” the president said in a prime-time address to congress on tuesday. trump implored us house speaker mike johnson to get rid of the legislation and use “whatever is left over” to “reduce debt or any other reason.” >his remarks were met with applause in a chamber that passed the chips and science act less than three years ago. vice president jd vance, whose home state of ohio won a massive intel project thanks to the law, stood up to show his support for its revocation. >the chips act is among the most significant us forays into industrial policy in more than a generation. it set aside $39 billion in grants — plus loans and 25% tax breaks — to revitalize american semiconductor manufacturing, as well as $11 billion for chip research and development. the aim was to reduce reliance on asia for electronic components that power everything from smartphones to massive data centers. >trump, however, has consistently derided a program he regards as a waste of government funds, arguing tariffs would achieve the same outcome while filling coffers. republicans have also indicated that they want to repeal what they see as “social” provisions of the chips act. that could involve eliminating labor-friendly regulations or environmental requirements. >officials on both sides of the aisle have touted the chips act as crucial to us national and economic security, and trump could have a hard time getting congressional support to repeal it. dozens of gop lawmakers voted for the measure, and many red districts have won factories or other projects supported by the law. >that includes south korea’s samsung electronics co. and sk hynix inc., which have committed to multibillion-dollar projects in texas and indiana that were contingent on funding and support from the us government. company representatives declined to comment on the president’s remarks. >trump, favoring tariffs over incentives, has signaled that import levies on chips could come as soon as next month. companies can avoid those duties, he has said, by building factories on american soil. he has not offered additional details. >on monday, trump credited the tariff threats for tsmc’s decision to invest $100 billion in the us, on top of a previous $65 billion commitment. he touted that project in his address tuesday, referencing the full $165 billion figure. “we’re giving them no money,” trump said. “all that was important to them was they didn’t want to pay the tariffs.” >a tsmc spokesperson declined to comment. >the company originally announced plans for a $12 billion us site during trump’s first term and expanded that project to three factories under biden. to support those facilities, tsmc struck an agreement with biden officials for $6.6 billion in chips act grants and $5 billion in loans. >as is the case for other chips act awards, the funding is supposed to be disbursed over time, as tsmc hits negotiated project milestones. the company received $1.5 billion before biden left office. >trump did not specify whether he would attempt to claw back money that’s already been disbursed, renege on remaining incentives to which the government has already committed, or simply not provide additional support for the chipmaker’s latest investment. commerce secretary howard lutnick said monday that the newly announced projects — three additional chip plants, plus r&d and advanced packaging sites — won’t win federal funds. >“the main uncertainty is the future of tsmc,” said xin-yao ng, an investment director at abrdn plc. “one long-time competitive advantage was their clustering in taiwan, where labor costs are still reasonable, construction costs are cheaper, government is supportive, and they can find more workers with vocational training. it’s completely different in the us if they are to shift more manufacturing. subsidies from us were to be crucial to help mitigate some of the higher costs and challenges.” >tsmc is among 20 companies that reached binding chips act agreements with biden officials. the deals, which represent more than 85% of the manufacturing incentives available under the program, are designed to support leading-edge facilities by companies like tsmc, intel, samsung and micron technology inc. — as well as older-generation factories by the likes of globalfoundries inc. and texas instruments inc. >companies have generally viewed those agreements as ironclad — regardless of who’s in office. but some of them have worried that the trump administration could seek to modify the terms, bloomberg has reported. lutnick has said he cannot commit to honoring existing contracts without reviewing them first. >that review is ongoing, and lutnick’s intentions for the initiative remain unclear. so far, his questions to program staff have focused on the rationale behind award decisions and the government’s legal authority to claw money back, bloomberg has reported. the current chips act team, meanwhile, has been preparing a list of potential adjustments to the funding application process and final contracts that would be minimally disruptive. >a spokesperson for globalwafers co., which won $406 million from the chips act for factories in texas and missouri, said the taiwanese company is committed to its expansion strategy and views any changes to the chips act as “unlikely.” >but if the law were to be modified in some way, the spokesperson said, “we would reassess future investments, including evaluating us market demand, pricing, and potential tariffs if production were moved outside the us.” **my take:** brutally bad for semiconductor sector if chips is actually repealed, intc is especially targeted. there'd be less semiconductor manufacturing in the us (intc/tsm/samsung) primarily because we subsidize and have tax incentives for current us chip manfacturing projects, and companies that haven't received their funding will likely scale back projects [(remember intc delayed their ohio plant to 2028?)]( the us would also be far more dependent on semiconductor production overseas. this also has spillover into the quantum computing stocks (ionq/rgti) and ai sector due to the sectors being so reliant on technological development and supply from the semis sectors. overall don't think new tariffs are going to be an adequate replacement for what the us has committed so far (but we don't know much about the tariffs yet), and the markets hate uncertainty. link: [
does anyone else feel uneasy about investing given all of the u.s. presidents executive orders? the most recent eo’s indicate intensified interference in the activities of the sec and the ftc. this would most likely severely impact their operations. the other eo undermining the judiciary undermines the rule of law, which is of course also bad for business. i’m feeling really worried and am considering pulling out some of my investments and holding.
walmart loses $22 billion in market cap, ceo says budget constrained american consumers are showing "stressed behaviours" and low confidence expecting similar results for unilever, coke, pepsi, p&g, target, home depot, lowe's and other consumer discretionary companies edit: while a stock market fluctuations are normal of <5% is normal, i find it concerning that the ceo has come out and said that consumer confidence is low to the point it is impacting shopping behaviours at walmart, a low price retailer that is usually insulated from economic downturns and see's revenue increases as middle class trade expensive options for budget. if the ceo is making this statement i think he is preparing investors for a prolonged decrease in revenue, and if walmart is not safe, no retailer with a large dependence on the us consumer is "walmart’s market cap dropped by $22 billion after news broke tuesday that consumer confidence in the u.s. plummeted to a 12-year low. ceo doug mcmillon had just said last month he’d noticed “stressed” behavior from consumers who were more budget-constrained." [
trump: new travel barriers for canadian tourists, the biggest source of us tourism. expect impact on airlines, hotels, retail, restaurants today the trump administration announced new visitation barriers for canadian tourists. any tourists staying longer than 30 days must register and provide fingerprints to authorities. how many canadians actually vacation longer for 30 days+ in the us you may ask? * **1 million snowbirds (canadian tourists** travelling to the us to avoid canadian winters) reportedly **contributed $6.5b** to florida's economy **during just a 6 month period** (typical duration of their stays) * **canadians were the largest visitors to the us** comprising of **\~30% of all us tourist visits** in 2023. * those tourists with billions in combined disposable income just had it harder to come to the us to spend their money * while this policy in isolation may not have a material impact, combined with instigating a trade war and threats of annexation seemed to have turned off many canadians (rightfully so) on spending a single penny in the us. * since canada was the only country previously exempted from this rule, reversing this is policy is leaving many canadians feeling further alienated by the us, especially given their economic contributions to local us economies i'm bearish for q2, q3, and potentially q4 for the following industries * **reits**: nnn reit, drop in tourism will bankrupt many small us businesses with thin margins in the restaurant industry. while you can't make investment moves on small businesses, this will lead to defaulting on their leases and commercial reits that focus on restaurants will have high vacancy rates. * **travel bookers**: expedia? not sure how much of their revenue concentration is based on us bookings vs. global * **hotels:** marriott, hilton, hyatt, air bnb, caesars entertainment * **airlines:** american, delta, united, air canada, * **qsrs:** darden restaurants, texas roadhouse, brinker international (food chains primarily with us locations attract tourists due to the novelty factor of not being able to go in canada) * **amusement parks**: disney, six flags, cedar fair, united parks & resorts * **car rentals:** enterprise, hertz, avis * **retail**: tjx companies, ross, macys, kohls, target (retail stores with no presence in canada are often attract tourists who are interested in shopping at retail stores they can't back in canada) * **energy**: shell, chevron, exxon (lots of canadian tourists do road trips and gas up in the us, but since these companies also operate in canada and canadians are just going to replace their us road triups with canadian ones, i do not believe they will be impacted other factors to consider before making moves * can us consumer spending or tourists from other countries fill the economic void canadian tourists will leave in the tune of billions of dollars? * will other countries follow suite, either as a response to the us administrations polices, or in a sign of solidary with canadians? * even if positive relations are restored between us-canada by the end of the year, will that change souring canadian consumer sentiment to us businesses and travel? edit: in no way is this post a dig at canadians for deciding to stop visiting. i am also canadian. this post is a purely from a finance/stock perspective on which industries will get negatively impacted by this administrations policies the most so that people here can adjust their portfolio allocations accordingly if they have exposure into said industries. vive la canada! sources: [ [ [ [
breaking: china raises tariffs on u.s. goods to 125% china has raised its import tariffs on u.s. goods to 125% in retaliation to a recent hike in levies imposed by president donald trump, according to bloomberg news. u.s. stock futures turned lower on friday, erasing earlier gains.
commerce secretary begs fox news viewers to buy tesla stock in bizarre interview “secretary of commerce howard lutnick used an appearance on fox news to encourage viewers to buy stock in tesla, as the company struggles amid elon musk’s involvement in the trump administration. although cabinet secretaries traditionally do not endorse individual stocks, lutnick told viewers of jesse watters primetime that musk – a “special government employee” of president donald trump – was “the best person to bet on” and that tesla’s stock will “never be this cheap again.” source:
tesla: a fatal self-driving crash shows the stupidity of camera-only fsd a tesla driver using fsd in phenix arizona hit a 71 year old grandmother at full speed on the highway when it became confused from the setting sun. two months after story's death in arizona, a tesla model 3 with full self-driving engaged crashed in nipton, california, in january 2024. another model 3 crashed two months later in red mills, virginia, followed by another two months later in collinsville, ohio. in all four incidents, the collisions occurred in conditions that reduced roadway visibility, such as sun glare, fog or airborne dust.
and here we go: treasury secretary scott bessent denied that the trump administration is considering slashing tariffs on chinese imports high duties imposed by both sides need to come down mutually before talks can begin between the two economies. “neither side believes that these are sustainable levels,” he said. “this is the equivalent of an embargo and a break between the two countries in trade does not suit anyone's interests.”
trump blames biden for market woes, promises economic boom ahead. president trump said the current stock market performance is biden’s fault, not his. he said the tariffs will kick in soon as companies start moving back to the us, which will boost the economy. but he blamed biden for the poor economic numbers. trump urged patience and promised that when the economy recovers, it will be booming like never before.
trump has threatened to place a 100% tariff on barbie maker mattel > president donald trump has threatened to place a 100 percent tariff on barbie maker mattel, after the company's ceo said it would continue to manufacture outside the u.s. but would be reducing its reliance on chinese imports. "i've heard [mattel] said: 'well we're going to go counter, we're going to try going someplace else,' " trump said in the oval office on thursday. "that's ok, let him go, and we'll put a 100 percent tariff on his toys, and he won't sell one toy in the united states, and that's their biggest market." trump's threat to mattel comes as toys—in particular dolls—have emerged as a flashpoint in the ongoing debates over tariffs and his administration's trade policy. > trump and his cabinet have downplayed the issue's significance, with the president himself repeatedly stating that girls will be better off for having fewer dolls, and now threatening tariffs on one of the world's most iconic doll manufacturers. > during the company's first-quarter earnings call, mattel ceo ynon kreiz said the tariff-driven price hike was one of the three "mitigating actions" the company had been forced to take in response to the tariffs, alongside a reduction in its dependence on china-sourced products and a broader diversification of its supply chain. in an interview with cnbc on tuesday, kreiz was asked whether it would be cheaper to relocate some manufacturing to the u.s. due to the tariffs, but responded: "we don't see that happening." "we believe that production in other countries—where we can be efficient and more productive—is the best balance between manufacturing outside of the u.s. and [continuing] to develop product in terms of design and creativity in america," he said. in response to the price increases, and similar announcements made by car manufacturer ford this week, trump said: "i think they're saying that just to negotiate deals with me." > trump's remark on mattel "trying to go somewhere else," and the resulting threat of a targeted, 100 percent tariff on its toys was somewhat ambiguous, given the company has only advocated shifting more of its manufacturing outside of china.
global investors are dumping a record amount of american stocks danielle kaye of the new york times reports on a recent bank of america survey that shows global investors have dumped a record amount of u.s. stocks in the past two months. trump insists that the u.s. has been bringing in $2 billion a day in tariffs, some of which he claims comes from his new levies, but, in fact, lori ann larocco of cnbc reported today that u.s. customs and border protection says the u.s. is taking in only $250 million a day. leila fadel of npr reports that china used to buy more than half the u.s. crop of soybeans and now soybean farmers are gravely concerned they’re going to lose that market. at the same time, we are heading in the prime months for the u.s. tourism industry, and bloomberg reports that a worst-case scenario by the goldman sachs group inc. estimates that the u.s. could lose almost $90 billion as foreign tourists stay away from the u.s. and boycott american products.
white house confirms 104% tariffs on china goes into effect starting april 9 the u.s.–china trade conflict entered a volatile new phase monday after the white house confirmed a dramatic escalation in tariffs on chinese imports. according to fox business reporter edward lawrence, “white house press secretary says 104% additional tariffs went into effect at noon eastern time because china has not removed its retaliation. the 104% additional tariff will be collected starting tomorrow april 9th.” the steep new tariffs follow president trump's threat last week to impose punitive measures if china didn’t roll back its retaliatory 34% tariffs. beijing refused, prompting a response that significantly raises the stakes in a trade standoff already rattling global markets. china’s commerce ministry called the move “a mistake on top of a mistake” and vowed to “fight to the end.” there will be a wh briefing in this within the hour, it's about to apocalyptic very soon, be rdy for anything. circuit breakers could trigger tonight or tomorrow once china responds.
us treasury secretary lutnick: trump may roll back canada and mexico tariffs tomorrow us commerce secretary howard lutnick, during a televised interview on fox news, hinted that us president donald trump may be preparing to pivot on his own tariffs less than 48 hours after imposing them. "if usmca rules followed, trump is considering relief. we will see tariff changes on april 2nd with canada and mexico. the administration will balance the us budget. trump is to move with canada and mexico, but not all the way. the tariffs compromise announcement is likely tomorrow. trump is considering relief for usmca-compliant goods. trump may roll back canada and mexico tariffs tomorrow." [
trump backs down on tariffs threat >don’t worry about china, it will all be fine! highly respected president xi just had a bad moment. he doesn’t want depression for his country, and neither do i. the u.s.a. wants to help china, not hurt it!!! president djt trump just now... the taco trade is alive and well
hell, even netflix has tariffs. american media stocks tumbled on monday after president donald trump unveiled a 100% tariff on all movies produced outside the u.s., in his latest levies that could sharply raise costs for hollywood studios and roil the global entertainment industry. trump's announcement was light on details. it did not say whether the duties will target films on streaming platforms and those shown in theaters, nor did it specify if the tariffs will be calculated based on production costs or box office revenue. streaming pioneer netflix could particularly be at risk, as it relies on its global production network to produce content for international audiences. its shares slumped 4.9% in premarket trading, leading a slide in media stocks. source: [
china calls on the united states to "completely cancel" tariffs. a call to action has finally been made. china has called out for the us to continue reducing reciprocal tariffs. for now this obviously isn't going anywhere, but we might be seeing our first steps towards a deal. the fact that this happens right after it has beem announced that the excemption isn't actually an excemption, i wonder what movements it will cause next week. we really are in a casino right now. edit: i seem to have misinterpreted the source. oops.
trump likely to fire powell soon, white house official says: bloomberg bloomberg with the big report. bloomberg is now reporting that the white house official says pres. trump is likely to fire fed chair powell soon. cbs reported that trump as gop leaders late yesterday if he should fire powell, and they concurred. this is confirmation of an earlier report that trump asked republican congressional leadership if they approved of him firing powell. the supreme court recently ruled that federal reserve is a “unique institution” and officials cannot be fired by the president for non-criminal acts.
tesla investor survey shows 85% believe elon musk’s politics are having ‘negative’ or ‘extremely negative’ impact on company more than eight out of every 10 respondents to a morgan stanley survey believe tesla ceo elon musk’s controversial political activities are hurting his business. in total, 85% of the 245 participants polled by the firm believe musk’s foray into politics has either had a “negative” or “extremely negative” impact on business fundamentals. the majority of respondents also expect tesla deliveries to fall this year, according to the survey. while a small sampling, these results offer the latest sign of mounting frustration with the billionaire entrepreneur as he’s become a rising figure in international and american politics. it also comes at a pivotal point for tesla’s stock, with shares plunging nearly 40% this year. when asked about musk’s efforts with u.s. government efficiency and other political activities, 45% of respondents said these actions had a “negative” effect on the company. another 40% said they were having an “extremely negative” impact. on the other hand, 3% said they were “positive” for the business. meanwhile, 12% called them “insignificant.” to be sure, morgan stanley analyst adam jonas reported that his survey respondents are drawn from his email distribution list and should not be taken as a random representative sample. he also noted that the respondents are not necessarily owners of tesla stock. the survey was taken over a 17-hour period, starting on tuesday afternoon. jonas also asked about expectations for the company’s performance. in a separate question, 59% said they anticipated tesla would deliver fewer cars to customers in 2025 compared with the prior year. what’s more, 21% of total respondents said they expected a decline of more than 10%. that comes as some analysts have raised alarm that recent reports of vandalism could spook potential customers. just 19% of responders said they forecasted deliveries to rise in 2025, while another 23% said they would be flat between the two years. musk’s political profile has grown after his public support of president donald trump in the runup up to last year’s election and his subsequent role leading the department of government efficiency, or doge. the tesla executive’s efforts to slash the federal government’s spending and workforce has drawn the ire of critics who see his team as working too quickly and haphazardly. musk acknowledged in an interview with fox business on monday that his high-profile role in trump’s administration meant he was running his businesses, which also include x and spacex, “with great difficulty.” that day, tesla shares tumbled more than 15% for their worst session since 2020. despite the recent nosedive, 45% of respondents said they anticipate tesla shares will be at least 11% higher by the end of the calendar year. around 36% expect the stock to tumble another 11% or further by year-end, while 19% see the stock staying within 10% of its price around $220. after a new york times report last week unearthed criticisms of musk’s team from members of trump’s cabinet, the president offered a vote of confidence on tuesday. trump evaluated five tesla models parked at the white house after the president said on social media that he would buy one as a symbol of support. trump also said he would declare violence at tesla dealerships to be acts of domestic terrorism. source: [
i thinks it's pretty safe to assume a recession is coming looking at the atlanta fed gdp growth estimates for 2025q1 sitting at -2.2% ( i think it pretty evident that a recession (2 quarters of negative gdp growth) is coming. even if trump lifts all tariffs tomorrow with the knowledge that even if trump lifts all tariffs tomorrow, the majority of supply chain issues and rising prices caused this quarter will be felt in q2. and trump lifting all tariffs in q2 is something that is not feasible, a more realistic bull scenario would be gradually removing tariffs until they're all gone. i think it pretty evident that even if deals are made, it's wise to prepare for a recession.
elon musk is running out of ideas to save tesla elon musk is dialing down his doge role that triggered protests and vandalism at tesla stores. but its ev business needs a hit product and none is on the horizon. and the company’s booming battery business, a q1 bright spot, will suffer from trump’s tariffs. the problems tesla now faces have been exacerbated by musk joining the trump administration as a "special government employee" — declining profit margins, intensifying competition and a tarnished brand image. and they show no signs of disappearing any time soon, even if musk becomes a more active ceo again. worse, it's becoming clear musk has run out of ideas for how to fix them, instead fixating on an uncertain future focused on robotaxis and humanoid robots.
trump tells inner circle that musk will leave soon > president donald trump has told his inner circle, including members of his cabinet, that elon musk will be stepping back in the coming weeks from his current role as governing partner, ubiquitous cheerleader and washington hatchet man. > the president remains pleased with musk and his department of government efficiency initiative, according to three trump insiders who were granted anonymity to describe the evolving relationship, but both men have decided in recent days that it will soon be time for musk to return to his businesses and take on a supporting role.
trump fires two board members from credit union regulator, raising fears about the fed's independence "president trump fired the two democrats on the three-member board of the national credit union administration, which regulates the nation's credit unions." "these latest firings, on the heels of similar dismissals at other agencies believed to be independent, is sparking concern that the federal reserve's independence is under threat — a matter of enormous consequence to the stability of financial markets." "current fed chair jerome powell's term expires in may 2026. he was appointed by trump and is a republican himself. 'powell's termination cannot come fast enough!' trump wrote this morning on [truth social]( complaining about the fed's reluctance to lower rates." "...replacing powell is something "we think about...all the time," treasury secretary scott bessent told [bloomberg]( on monday, noting that interviews with candidates to replace powell will begin as soon as this fall." "the president appears to be moving closer to justifying removal of democrats on the federal reserve board," per a note from td cowen wednesday afternoon." "president trump is the chief executive of the executive branch and reserves the right to fire anyone he wants," white house press secretary karoline leavitt said in an emailed statement. [ [
tesla ceo elon musk bashes the $500 billion ai project trump announced, claiming its backers don’t ‘have the money’ > shortly after president donald trump announced a new massive ai infrastructure investment from the white house, “first buddy” elon musk tried to tear it down. “they don’t actually have the money,” musk wrote on his social media platform x. “softbank has well under $10b secured. i have that on good authority.” > trump said the investment will create a new company, called stargate, to grow artificial intelligence infrastructure in the united states. the leaders of softbank, openai and oracle stood alongside trump during the announcement. their respective companies will invest $100 billion in total for the project to start, with plans to pour up to $500 billion into stargate in the coming years. > perhaps it should not be a surprise that musk is going after an openai initiative. musk is in an ongoing lawsuit with openai and its ceo sam altman, who was at the white house for the announcement. musk, who has said he “doesn’t trust” altman, claims in the lawsuit the chatgpt has abandoned its original nonprofit mission by reserving some of its most advanced ai technology for private customers. the companies involved in stargate have not publicly disclosed how they will contribute the funds, but they don’t necessarily need the money in the bank to support it — they could raise debt or sign on other equity investors.
finally, trump administration quietly reaches out to beijing to kick off tariff talks chinese state-run media said late wednesday that the trump administration [has quietly reached out]( to beijing to kick off tariff talks. despite president trump’s public stance that president xi must make the first move, the development represents the latest behind-the-scenes thawing of relations. source: [
softbank sells its entire stake in nvidia for $5.83 billion japanese giant softbank said tuesday it has sold its entire stake in tech giant nvidia for $5.83 billion. the firm said in its earning statement that it sold 32.1 million shares of nvidia in october. it also sold off part of its stake in t-mobile for $9.17 billion.
trump raises tariffs on certain canadian imports by another 25%, totaling 50%. [ president donald trump said he has ordered his administration to raise tariffs on canadian steel and aluminum imports by an additional 25%, bringing the total duties to 50%. whelp, just when i thought we might see a respite from all the tariff posturing, he's ratcheting up the game instead.
jim cramer made cost me 10 years of work edit: what i mean to say is that i cost myself 10 years of work by following his advice - my fault - obviously he did not hold a gun to my head. back then he was not a clown with a show... he was a fund manager just like the fund managers you see as guests on shows today (there was less internet and info back in 2000). many of his strategies crashed too fast to get out in one piece and he was still recommending to buy more when they started to fall. since then i have earned more money and invested in etfs slowly working my way to retired. my goal is to let younger folks chasing 10x at high cape know that the individual recommendations did poorly when the bubble burst but the etfs slowly and steady got to retirement goal. \------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- in 2000 jim cramer went viral with his 'only 10 stocks to buy/own for the future'. he said he was buying them every day, especially if they went down, valuations were old fashioned... they were guaranteed 10-20x. # jim cramer's 'only 10 stocks to own for the future' 1. **724 solutions** 2. **ariba** 3. **digital island** 4. **exodus communications** 5. **infospace** 6. **inktomi** 7. **mercury interactive** 8. **sonera** 9. **verisign** 10. **veritas software** cramer's choices were soon mostly destroyed too fast to get out whole. by contrast, the same initial $100,000 in a passive s&p 500 index investment would be worth **\~$712,600** today. this is how taking jim cramer's recommendations made me work 10 extra years before i could retire (not hypothetical... true story). i'm just sharing my story because i see posts in this channel looking for 'guaranteed 10x' and i still see cramer fanboys... imho anyone can pick winners when the whole market is going up... the true challenge is who can predict success over time. someone will say 'verisign' is/was great... but that was insufficient to make up for the 90% bad choices and resulted in a 50% loss over 25 years vs 700% gain if you ignored him and listened to boggle. young people may not think this is a big deal... but trust me... when you are old... having to work 10 more years is painful.
china is playing the us right now usd weakening. yuan weakening. treasury yields increasing. china is selling off us bonds (holds $800b+) and moving them into other currencies. this maintains their competitiveness in global markets while increasing borrowing costs for us and reducing their purchase power. the latter further increases import costs as now us companies have to face currency related inflation and tariff inflation. the net result if china continues is a choking of the us economy through stagflation. unless trump backs down we could be in serious trouble. this is the double edged sword of having us currency being the global reserve. if countries can manipulate our currency to strengthen it (as trump claims), increasing our purchasing power while making their goods more competitive to us econ, then they can also manipulate it the other way. powell is going to have his hands full with this one. keep your eyes on usd index and yields in coming weeks.
billionaire ray dalio: ‘i’m worried about something worse than a recession’ key points * bridgewater founder ray dalio said on sunday that he’s concerned that the global monetary system will break down. * president donald trump’s tariff policies and growing u.s. debt are contributing to a new unilateral world order, dalio said. * dalio said the fallout from turmoil in bonds could be a more severe shock to the monetary system than the 2008 financial crisis. bridgewater founder [ray dalio]( said on sunday that he is worried that the turmoil resulting from [president donald trump’s]( tariff and economic [policies]( will threaten the global economy. “right now we are at a decision-making point and very close to a recession,” dalio said on nbc news’ “meet the press.” “and i’m worried about something worse than a recession if this isn’t handled well.” the hedge fund billionaire said he’s more concerned about trade disruptions, mounting u.s. debt and emerging world powers bringing down the international economic and geopolitical structure that has been in place since the end of world war ii. “we are going from multilateralism, which is largely an american world order type of thing, to a unilateral world order in which there’s great conflict,” he said. [
is it possible that trump’s tariffs are a massive pump and dump scheme? edit: i’m not an investor, just asking a question. trump controls the sec and doj, so who’s going to investigate or stop him? is it possible that trump, his family, and billionaire buddies are benefiting from trump’s tariffs? trump could be letting them know the date and time that he’s going to make the announcement to impose tariffs. like many investors, they pull their investments but, they have a head start due to their insider knowledge. then he lets those on the inside know that he’s going to rescind tariffs and the date and time which he will be announcing that. they buy the dip and profit as the market rebounds. rinse and repeat.
trump taps palantir to compile data on americans "in march, president trump signed an executive order calling for the federal government to share data across agencies, raising questions over whether he might compile a master list of personal information on americans that could give him untold surveillance power. mr. trump has not publicly talked about the effort since. but behind the scenes, officials have quietly put technological building blocks into place to enable his plan. in particular, they have turned to one company: palantir, the data analysis and technology firm. the trump administration has expanded palantir’s work across the federal government in recent months. the company has received more than $113 million in federal government spending since mr. trump took office, according to public records, including additional funds from existing contracts as well as new contracts with the department of homeland security and the pentagon. (this does not include a $795 million contract that the department of defense awarded the company last week, which has not been spent.)" full article:
donald trump says us will set new tariff rates for scores of countries [from the ft]( president says washington lacks capacity to strike deals with every nation donald trump has held out the prospect that the us will set new tariff rates on many of its trading partners unilaterally, rather than striking deals with all of them. speaking at a meeting with business executives in the united arab emirates on friday, the us president said that washington would impose new tariffs “over the next two to three weeks”. he added that treasury secretary scott bessent and commerce secretary howard lutnick would “be sending letters out essentially telling people” what “they’ll be paying to do business in the united states”. trump said that, while “150 countries” wanted to agree deals, “it’s not possible to meet the number of people that want to see us”. not easy to tell whether this is going to tank the market or if it'll continue soaring like it has been off the back of the uk/china deals, which, to be clear, are still worse than before he started fucking around.
this is a disaster of epic proportion” trump vs. musk turns into a $150b tesla bloodbath anyone else watching this trump vs musk drama and thinking... wtf is elon doing? tesla just dropped 14% in one day wiped out $150b in market cap after musk started trashing trump’s new spending bill on x. called it “disgusting” and “pork-filled.” trump clapped back, then elon basically said trump wouldn’t have even won the election without him now everyone’s freaking out. investors like ross gerber are calling it a “disaster,” saying elon made this mess by getting political in the first place. and let’s be real killing ev tax credits would be a huge blow to tesla tsla bounced a bit on friday (+3.7%) but it’s still way down from earlier this week. morgan stanley is still bullish (lol), $410 price target and all that but man... elon used to be the hype. now he’s beefing with a sitting president, and tesla’s stock is paying the price
elon musk defends $1 trillion pay package: ‘i just don’t feel comfortable building a robot army here and then being ousted’
the era of american stock market exceptionalism is over nearly three quarters of fund managers think that us exceptionalism has peaked. the prevailing trend of the last decade – a belief in the continued success of us markets far beyond that of other regions – is over, according to the bank of america’s latest survey. over the past two months, fund managers have dumped us equities at a record pace as president trump’s tariff war and uncertainty over global economic stability continue. for those watching closely, it should not come as a shock, although it has happened perhaps a little faster than anticipated. while it has come to feel like business as usual, us exceptionalism isn’t the historic status quo. in the 1980s, for example, the rapid rise of japanese stocks challenged the us dominance of global markets. tom stevenson, investment director at fidelity personal investing, explains that ultimately, the stock market bubble was over-inflated and had a long way to fall – a scenario today’s us market is particularly vulnerable to. one of the most notable pinpricks came at the start of this year with the release of deepseek, a sophisticated ai tool developed in china. the extremely cheap development cost of the model has sparked concerns that the ai moat of the american tech giants may not be as wide as had been assumed. since 2012, average earnings from us stocks have risen 145pc – over the same period, european and uk markets have each seen earnings increase by just 37pc and 30pc, respectively. hugh gimber, global market strategist at jp morgan, says: “technology has been the leading sector globally and the us has been overweight in that sector. in an environment where technology [stocks] have been standout it has been hard for other regions to out perform.” however, the performance gap between the magnificent seven (apple, microsoft, amazon, alphabet, tesla, meta and nvidia) and the rest of the s&p 500 has narrowed of late. a year ago, the tech giants were outgrowing the rest of the us market by 30pc, a figure that has plummeted to just 6pc. that is expected to halve to just 3pc in 2026. the upset is apparent in other metrics, too. while the magnificent seven accounted for 50pc of the s&p 500’s earnings in 2024, this share is projected to fall to a third for 2025. all of this adds up to a simple fact: us equities are unlikely to outperform the rest of the world to the extent that they have done in the recent past. in fact, mr stevenson warns they may underperform. markets are also becoming suspicious of us government debt, which could have dramatic consequences for the stock market. mr gimber explains: “one of the big parts behind the us economic outperformance is the size of the government deficit that has been running. “this has been an expansion built on us government debt, and although levels are still rising the market is getting wary of us government debt, especially in the context of inflationary pressure from tariffs.”
bloomberg: markets are discovering that the real trump trade is sell america two months into donald trump’s second term, the pillars of american financial hegemony — erected over the best part of a century — have rarely looked shakier. trump’s renewed tirades against the federal reserve, including the most explicit threats yet to fire chair jerome powell, only amplified the shockwaves from his declaration of trade war on pretty much everyone. it’s forcing a reappraisal of the assets fundamental to us economic dominance. the dollar and treasury bonds, traditional havens at times of stress, suddenly look much less appealing. it’s not long since investors were anticipating a so-called trump trade, essentially turbocharging us exceptionalism, but now it looks more like a sell-america trade. and that’s just part of an even broader and likely painful shift. the role of us households as goods-buyers of last resort for the global economy, and the american military as linchpin of security and political alliances, are being called into question too. compounding the concerns, trump is now escalating his war of words against the fed, demanding immediate interest-rate cuts. lawyers doubt he’s authorized to fire powell. but the damage to investor confidence in the central bank’s independence — part of the bedrock appeal of us markets, along with a wider faith in the rule of law — may already be done.
tesla just got even more bad news from europe "tesla's sales in europe plunged in the first two months of the year, according to official industry figures released on tuesday. elon musk's ev maker sold just under 27,000 vehicles in january and february, compared with more than 46,000 during the same period last year — a 42.6% decline. the european automobile manufacturers association (acea) figures cover the european union, uk, and european free trade association countries of iceland, liechtenstein, norway, and switzerland. tesla's slide comes despite wider ev sales rising 28.4% to more than 255,000 in europe in january and february, accounting for 15% of the eu market. other manufacturers posted overall rises, with volkswagen group sales up 4.3% and the renault group up 8.2%."
trump to tariff chips made in taiwan, targeting tsmc president trump plans to impose tariffs of up to 100% on chips produced in taiwan, targeting companies like tsmc, which supplies apple, nvidia, and amd. the tariffs aim to encourage more chip production in the us, with trump criticizing the chips and science act for providing funds to companies that already have significant resources. the policy may cause price hikes for various computer products, as it takes years to build chip factories. tsmc-made chips are typically not exported directly to the us, but rather sent to other countries for assembly into consumer electronics. the implementation of such tariffs will depend on us trade officials. [
zero ships from china are bound for california’s top ports. looks like the effects of the tariffs are being felt in the ports now rather than just rumors and pictures of mystery ships. "officials are concerned not just about the lack of vessels leaving china, but the speed at which that number dropped." i wonder how much of this is choreographed to coincide with the opening of usa-china negotiations this weekend. "not a single cargo vessel had left china with goods for the two major west coast ports in the past 12 hours. that hasn’t happened since the pandemic." i am not sure what level the tariffs need to be reduced to but i doubt 80% gets us back to full shipping lanes. even the flat 10% us going to feel like heavy inflation and affect consumer spending. [
trump just said that they have a zero tariff agreement with india and there was no market reaction trump just said that they have a zero tariff agreement with india and there was no market reaction what will happen to markets if that is the big, big announcement? he announced that india will remove their tariffs and it really seems like that will be the big, big announcement this week. but after saying there's a zero tariff agreement the market didn't jump. pbs newshour: trump and canadian prime minister carney hold white house meeting 3:45: "we're going to have a very, very big announcement to make, like as big as it gets.\[on thursday, friday or monday\]" 17:36 : "... and with our great vice president who's done a really good job. we've got some good news to report on a lot of fronts." 18:42: "india as an example has one of the highest tariffs in the world. we're not gunna put up with that. they've agreed already to drop it. they'll drop it to nothing. they've already agreed."
i'm predicting that trump's $100k h1b nuclear bomb is just a market manipulation ploy we've seen this before. trump drops a figurative nuclear bomb on friday afternoon, the media panics about it over the weekend, markets plummet on monday, and then he reverses course on wednesday and everything is back to normal. trump and his insiders make millions while everyone else gets screwed. this h1b policy is so ludicrous, there's no way it can be for real. a sudden $100k annual fee for each h1b employee without any warning is enough to instantly crater many companies and research institutions. only the tech giants could afford to absorb these costs. it's not just engineers and programmers on h1b, it's researchers, teachers, doctors, nurses, actuaries, mathematicians, etc. using the h1b. you're probably going to see tech and biotech stocks drop next monday, but you may as well make the best of the opportunity and buy some tech stocks in the dip.
trump says he 'couldn't care less' if auto prices rise because of tariffs president donald trump said saturday he doesn’t care if automakers hike prices because of his tariffs. in fact, he encouraged them to. asked by nbc news’ kristen welker in a phone interview about whether he pressured automakers to avoid raising prices after his 25% tariffs on imported cars and parts go into effect, trump denied that he told ceos to control costs. “no, i never said that,” trump told welker. “i couldn’t care less if they raise prices, **because people are going to start buying american cars**.” solid logic, my guy...
amazon wants to repalce 600k workers with robots which will lead them in saving 30 cents for every item they store and ship from warehouses source: [ personally i think a big job cut like this is not a good thing and these moves are a starting point for a mass displacmene of works which risks destabilizing society just to give more profit to a few companies.
japanese finance minister says selling u.s. bonds a "card on the table" why it matters: japan is the largest foreign holder of u.s. treasuries, and even the vaguest hint that it could dump those holdings is powerful leverage with the administration. following through on the threat could cause interest rates to spike. catch up quick: japanese finance minister katsunobu kato said friday that the country's $1.13 trillion in treasury holdings were a "card on the table" in trade talks, the associated press reported.
does anyone else find it weird that the economy is okay? by "okay", economic indicators that the central banks and governments act on are all relatively healthy. * inflation is slightly down (could be showing softening demand) * unemployment hasn't really moved despite doge layoffs. many federal employees are being paid through september, but contractors likely didn't get that level of severance. the most concrete metric is scheduled containers at la port are down by 30%, which while bad, isn't that bad. it looks like companies earnings are going to be okay for this quarter. in terms of timing the next pullback, i think we could be looking towards the end of the may with maybe something in the second week of may?
so 125% tariffs on china is suddenly not supposed to cause a supply chain crisis? am i missing something here or are people just banking on him backing down on this, because this alone is economically catastrophic? do investors really not understand how many bolts, tools, small components, raw materials etc. that keep our factories humming here come from china? are they all just supposed to eat these costs?
president donald trump is reportedly looking into possibly delisting chinese public companies from us exchanges, per fox news surely this can't be legal? this would dramatically bring down the markets and escalate the trade war. bessent has already hinted at it, kevin o'leary is currently calling for it, and new sec chair paul atkins is expected to implement it per fox.
i don’t know why i didn’t listen to buffet and cash out like he did before ‘this’. growing up, i often heard advice around tracking warren buffet’s actions as a good way to invest. i know he missed out on big wins but overall he’s still a big winner. his latest cash out move is the mic drop
dow futures fall 600 points after israel launches attack on iran u.s. stock futures fell on thursday night after israel launched an airstrike attack on iran. futures tied to the dow jones industrial average fell 611 points, or almost 1.4%. s&p 500 futures dropped roughly 1.6%, while nasdaq 100 futures lost 1.6%. stock futures fell as israel’s defense minister israel katz declared a special state of emergency following an israeli attack on iran. two u.s. officials said that there is no u.s. involvement or assistance, according to nbc news. brent futures surged more than 7% on the development, while west texas intermediate crude futures rose 7%.
trump says he’ll buy a tesla to support musk after shares plunge > us president donald trump said he’ll buy a “brand new” tesla to support elon musk, after shares of the electric car maker had their worst day in four years amid a growing backlash over musk’s political allegiances. > in a post just after midnight in washington, trump said he will buy a new tesla “tomorrow morning” as a “show of confidence and support for elon musk, a truly great american. why should he be punished for putting his tremendous skills to work in order to help make america great again???” trump didn’t specify which tesla model he would buy.
short sellers make $16bn profit from tesla’s share price plunge tesla's stock has halved, costing elon musk over $100b, while short sellers gained $16.2b. musk’s political stance and federal cuts hurt tesla’s brand and sales. jpmorgan slashed its price target, and market fears over trump’s tariffs worsened the decline.
some of you have completely lost touch with reality. i can’t believe how disconnected some people here have become. there’s someone in this subreddit regretting their investment in microsoft because it “only” gained 20% in a year. let me remind you that this is one of the largest companies in the world, with a market cap in the trillions. a 20% increase for a company like microsoft is monumental! do you realize how much money that is in actual dollars? yes, i get it—crypto and nvidia have spoiled you with their ridiculous, lottery-like returns of 10,000% in a few years. but acting like a 20% gain is somehow “worthless” or not enough shows how distorted the expectations here have become. if you had invested $10,000 in microsoft 10 years ago, you’d be sitting on over $90,000 today—and that’s not even considering dividends or reinvestments. if you had added just $150 monthly to your position over the past 10 years, your portfolio would be worth hundreds of thousands now. that’s the power of consistent investing in real, reliable growth companies. microsoft is a rock-solid investment. not every stock needs to pump 10,000% to be worth holding. some of you need to take a deep breath and look at the long game, not just your short-term greed.
usa bombed iran. what's next for the market? sp500 and global usa bombed iran's nuclear sites 2 hours ago. retaliations are expected. hopefully it doesn't escalate too much. how do you think this will affect the s&p 500 and global market? what's worth looking into or selling in your opinion? [
bloomberg reporting that goldman sachs adjusted us tourism revenue to decrease by $90 billion us dollars in 2025 [ "goldman sachs group inc. estimates in a worst-case scenario, the hit this year from reduced travel and boycotts could total 0.3% of gross domestic product, which would amount to almost $90 billion." the bloomberg article mentions that international travel to the us was down 10% in march 2024 compared to march 2025. canada specific flight travel during "summer tourist season", not sure exactly what months those are, is down 70%. it mentions that goldman sachs is estimating that the decrease in us tourism and export revenue could reduce their estimates by $90 billion us dollars - with areas like hotel groups facing drops in international bookings, property owners for malls and retail having roughly $20 billion in international vistor purchases at risk, and also food establishments.
schumer says democrats will force senate floor vote on trump tariffs from: albany — democrats plan to force a floor vote in the u.s. senate next week to reverse recent tariffs imposed by president donald j. trump on imports from other countries. senate minority leader charles e. schumer told reporters in albany monday that he thinks democrats can secure the four republican votes necessary for the resolution to pass. “american families, restaurants and manufacturers will be able to breathe a sigh of relief if we can get that done,” schumer said. a similar resolution sponsored this month by u.s. sen. tim kaine, a democrat from virginia, wound up passing the senate after four republicans crossed party lines to support it. schumer is trying to repeat that result. the resolution would reverse the blanket 10% tariff on all goods imported into the u.s. by ending the emergency declaration trump has issued to impose them. it would also prevent trump from using the same declaration to impose new tariffs. “we believe the administration’s claim of an emergency is not justified,” schumer said. but the harder fight — and one in which schumer has no control — is in the house of representatives, where a majority of lawmakers would have to approve the resolution for it to become binding. republican leadership in the house, including rep. elise stefanik from the north country, has made clear that they don’t plan to stand in the way of trump’s tariffs. some lawmakers have offered support for his economic strategy. the goal of the tariffs is to pressure other countries into trade agreements more favorable to the u.s. while providing a disincentive for consumers to purchase products imported from other countries. “i strongly support president trump’s america first economic policies to strengthen american manufacturing and create millions of american jobs,” stefanik said earlier this month. stefanik is one of seven republicans that represent new york in the house, where republicans currently hold a seven-member majority. schumer employed a strategy on monday that’s been used by several other democrats from new york in recent weeks to apply pressure to republicans, framing them as the final arbiters on whether prices will climb because of tariffs. he called on the republicans representing new york in congress to bring his planned resolution to the floor of their chamber for consideration. “if those seven went to (house speaker mike) johnson and said to put it on the floor, he’d be under real pressure to do it,” schumer said. but at least one republican is siding with stefanik on trump’s tariffs. rep. mike lawler has said that republicans are focused on other actions to lower costs as well, like removing regulations for businesses and boosting domestic energy production. “this is about leveling the playing field, bringing tariffs down across the globe,” lawler said in a televised town hall earlier this month. that makes schumer’s request unlikely at this point, leaving the tariffs in place. they’ve already started to have an impact on certain industries, including restaurants, which may have to raise their prices to maintain profits. “tariffs on food and beverages will place an additional strain on restaurants, ultimately leading to higher prices that will be passed on to consumers,” said melissa fleischut, president of the new york state restaurant association. other industries also haven’t been immune to the tariffs. that includes latham pool, a local business that happens to be the largest manufacturer of in-ground residential pools in north america. tariffs on aluminum and steel have had the most impact on the business, said scott rajeski, the company’s ceo. “we’ve created an ecosystem where we use the canadian operations and our upstate new york operations to ship goods back and forth between the two countries,” rajeski said. “it’s a difficult situation.” both chambers of congress are scheduled to return to washington, d.c., next week after two weeks off from session.
moment of silence for everyone’s portfolios let’s have a moment of silence for everyone’s liberated stock portfolios. president donald j. trump has officially sent the stock market back a full year. “we will win so much you’ll get tired of winning”. no winning in sight.
pure market manipulation. so, futures dumped. pre-market dumps. the market opens and we continue to dump. we all know what's coming. "black monday". there are no dip buyers because nobody wants to catch a falling knife, and everyone else is grinning because they are short (me included). then out of nowhere, magically there is some "news". then the market does a huge reversal. word comes out that it's "fake news". the market then shifts back the momentum, but at that point clear direction is lost, algos are confused. traders are confused, and we just chop around. there is no doubt in my mind that "fake news" was put out there on purpose to stop the bleeding. and it worked. i think it was either a desperate move by the trump administration or some whale that was long and wanted to not get smoked.
us economy added 911,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in largest-ever revision > u.s. employers added far fewer jobs in 2024 and early 2025 than previously thought, indicating the labor market may have been significantly weaker than initial estimates had suggested. the u.s. economy added 911,000 fewer jobs over the 12 months ending in march than previously estimated, the u.s. bureau of labor statistics (bls) said on tuesday. the figure, which exceeded economists' expectations, appears to be the largest revision ever recorded. the preliminary estimate will be finalized next year. the revision, a routine step in the compilation of government labor statistics, assesses monthly survey estimates alongside state unemployment data. > the fresh data comes weeks after president donald trump fired bls commissioner erika mcentarfer in response to a weak monthly jobs report. trump claimed without evidence that mcentarfer had manipulated statistics for political reasons. in a statement on tuesday, white house press secretary karoline leavitt said the unusually large revision cast doubt on the legitimacy of the bls. leavitt also appeared to grant credence to the data, citing it as evidence of a weak economy under president joe biden. "today, the bls released the largest downward revision on record proving that president trump was right: biden’s economy was a disaster and the bls is broken. this is exactly why we need new leadership to restore trust and confidence in the bls’s data on behalf of the financial markets, businesses, policymakers, and families that rely on this data to make major decisions," leavitt said.
visa drops 7%, mastercard 6% after report says amazon and walmart may bypass credit cards with stablecoins no paywall: [ paywall: [ chatgpt highlights: * **stock drop**: visa fell 7.1% and mastercard dropped 6.2% on friday, wiping out over $60 billion in combined market value. * **trigger**: wall street journal report said amazon, walmart, and others are exploring issuing stablecoins to bypass credit card fees. * **other players**: companies like expedia and major airlines are also considering their own tokens. * **stablecoin appeal**: seen by merchants as a way to lower card processing fees; pegged to currencies like usd. * **analyst views**: despite selloff, analysts see a **buying opportunity** for visa and mastercard. * **market habits**: analysts say consumers are still tied to cards, and stablecoin adoption will be slow due to trust and regulation issues. * **proactive moves**: visa and mastercard already have stablecoin processing capabilities and are positioned to benefit even if adoption grows.
tesla (tsla) stock: trump’s purchase fails to sustain rally who knew that the publicity stunt on the wh lawn and a clear attempted pump wouldn't last. do not buy the dip! tesla’s stock price continues to show volatility in early march trading, falling 0.9% in premarket activity after two days of gains. this follows monday’s steep 15.4% drop that marked the company’s worst trading day in nearly five years. the electric vehicle maker saw its shares rebound 7.6% on wednesday and 3.8% on tuesday. these gains came after president donald trump’s public commitment to purchase a tesla model s during a white house event with ceo elon musk. despite the recent uptick, tesla stock remains down almost 50% from its mid-december record high. the current price hovers around $245.75 in premarket trading.
this is why you don't try to time the market. you don't know anything, no matter how smart you think you are. unless you have direct insider info, you're basically cooked. us commoners will always lose if we try to time the market and everyone who held cash to try and 'time' the bottom just missed out on 7% gains instead of dcaing. they will probably still hold out on buying because market psychology is a ruthless. the most reckless people are those who unironically think they actually understand this mindbogglingly complex world we live in in all it's economic, social and political aspects. which is actually a large amount of redditors and people in general. instead of trying to perfectly time the bottom, dcaing and being within 5-15% of the bottom will always be better. it could very well still go down even more, who knows. i sure don't. the answer is no one and it for sure isn't some random redditor. in fact, usually the opposite of the general consensus of reddit/social media is what ends up usually happening from an anecdotal perspective of mine. point is for 99.999% of commoners like us, trying to time the market will always make you lose especially long term because you'll think you can do it again if you get lucky once. on top of that, the stress of trying to time the market with one giant lump sum is awful.
take back tesla campaign urges shareholders to reject musk $1 trillion pay plan a day ahead of tesla’s quarterly earnings report, a coalition of unions and corporate watchdogs wants investors to focus their attention on matters of governance. on tuesday, a group that includes the american federation of teachers and public citizen launched a website for take back tesla, a campaign urging shareholders to vote against a new pay package for ceo elon musk that would net him nearly $1 trillion worth of stock and expand his control over the company. tesla’s board floated the pay proposal in september, saying the largest ever ceo pay plan was appropriate and necessary to lock musk in for a decade. the plan is up for a shareholder vote at the company’s annual meeting next month. on the take back tesla website, the group calls the outsized package “outrageous,” in part because musk’s “political activities have damaged tesla’s brand and distracted him from leadership at tesla.” the site says the plan doesn’t require musk to focus more on the automaker than his political interests or other business endeavors. the site also encourages the general population to petition state treasurers and other financial officers, who oversee funds on behalf of workers and retirees, to reject the plan. the coalition plans to share materials online that teach investors how to vote their shares or influence fund managers who vote on their behalf. “public pension funds are significant shareholders in tesla, and the asset managers who invest those funds have even larger holdings,” the site says. “that’s our money and we should tell the people who invest it for us that we want them to vote to hold musk and tesla board members accountable.” additional groups in the coalition include americans for financial reform, the communication workers of america, corporate watchdog group ekō, people’s action and stop the money pipeline. tesla didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. top proxy firms iss and glass lewis have recommended against authorizing the $1 trillion pay plan, which was disclosed amid a tense battle over musk’s previous 2018 pay package, which amounted to about $56 billion in stock when it vested. following those firms’ suggestions, tesla wrote in a post that, “iss and glass lewis have recommended against tesla’s proposals time and time again since the 2018 ceo performance award was introduced.” the company added that shareholders who sold would “have missed out on our market capitalization soaring by 20x from march 2018 to august 2025.” the delaware court of chancery ruled early last year that the 2018 plan was improperly granted by tesla, with the judge finding that the company hid crucial details from shareholders and that musk had controlled board members rather than negotiating with them for a fair deal. musk appealed the matter to the delaware state supreme court and is seeking to get the 2018 ceo pay package reinstated. around the time that plan was rescinded, in january 2024, musk wrote on his social network x, “i am uncomfortable growing tesla to be a leader in ai & robotics without having \~25% voting control.” the new plan would add 12% to his stake over the next decade. musk had already started artificial intelligence startup xai in march 2023, taking some ex-tesla employees with him, and was developing grok, a would-be challenger to openai’s chatgpt. by may 2025, musk said he was committed to running tesla for at least five more years. new york city comptroller brad lander, who oversees a $300 billion pension fund, said he “vociferously opposes this pay package” and says other public fiduciaries should do the same. “most of the time we’ve held tesla stock, it has been a solid investment, it’s grown over time, and that’s why we haven’t chosen to dump it,” lander, who also serves as finance and accountability chief for the city, said in an interview. lander said that he’s preferred to “hold on to it and participate in shareholder engagement to address the concerns we have.” lander manages funds that own about $1.1 billion worth of tesla, based on holdings reported in august. he said he views tesla’s board he as “insufficiently independent,” and that it’s allowed musk to be an “absentee ceo.” the company has also failed to hit its marks when it comes to robotaxis and self-driving technology, lander said. the stock has rallied of late after a brutal start to the year, but it’s still underperforming its tech peers and the s&p 500 and nasdaq in 2025. musk has “been an inconsistent ceo at best,” lander said, “and the pay package is like a ransom attempt after volatile stock performance and destroying consumer confidence.” tesla is scheduled to report third-quarter results after the close of regular trading on wednesday. analysts are expecting revenue growth of 4.7% from a year earlier to $26.37 billion, according to lseg, following two straight year-over-year declines. source: [
switzerland has no tariffs on american goods. trump decided to hit them with either a 31% tariffs. the swiss government said it doesn’t understand how the u.s. calculated its tariffs. all swiss goods will be subject to 31% to 32% when imported into the u.s. that’s higher than other u.s. trade partners with similar economic structures like the european union, the u.k. and japan, the swiss federal council said. “the calculations of the us government are not clear to the federal council,” it said. the swiss government denied it had a trade surplus with the u.s. due to unfair trade practices, saying 99% of u.s. goods can be imported into switzerland duty-free. escalating trade tensions isn’t in switzerland's interests, the council said, and the government isn’t planning to retaliate against the u.s.
trump teases china trade deal “in 3–4 weeks”... so basically never wow, trump said on thursday' "we're very close to a deal" move again — this time saying a china trade agreement might be done in “3 to 4 weeks. and of course, no word from xi. the guy's probably sipping tea watching the comedy every time trump opens his mouth. "it's a game between china and the us in terms of who's going to blink first," nick vyas, the founding director of usc marshall's randall r. kendrick global supply chain institute, told business insider before trump's thursday remarks. "china feels that they have all the cards to continue to hold out, and president trump feels that he has power, because we consume more from china than china consumes from us." "both of these cases are true, and one has to just wait and watch and see which reality will end up shaping up in the end," he added. source : [
us is considering to delist chinese stocks from its exchanges us treasury secretary scott bessant, speaking to fox business network, stated that “everything is on the table,” noting that the ultimate decision on delisting lies with president donald trump. so will this effect market today. as we know in asian market nvidia stocks are down. so what stocks can we expect to go down. source: [
trump exempts phones, computers, chips from tariffs president donald trump’s administration exempted smartphones, computers and other electronics from its so-called reciprocal tariffs, potentially cushioning consumers from sticker shock while benefiting electronics giants including apple inc. and samsung electronics co. the exclusions, published late friday by us customs and border protection, narrow the scope of the levies by excluding the products from trump’s 125% china tariff and his baseline 10% global tariff on nearly all other countries. the exclusions would apply to smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives and computer processors and memory chips. those popular consumer electronics items generally aren’t made in the us. setting up domestic manufacturing would take years. the products that won’t be subject to trump’s new tariffs also include machines used to make semiconductors. that would be important for taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., which has announced a major new investment in the us as well as other chipmakers. the tariff reprieve may prove fleeting. the exclusions stem from the initial order, which prevented extra tariffs on certain sectors from stacking cumulatively on top of the country-wide rates. the exclusion is a sign that the products may soon be subject to a different tariff, albeit almost surely a lower one for china. one such exclusion was for semiconductors, to which trump has regularly pledged to apply a specific tariff. he hasn’t yet done so but the latest exclusions appear to correspond with that exemption. trump’s sectoral tariffs have so far been set at 25%, though it’s not clear what his rate on semiconductors and related products would be.
u.s. economy shrunk 0.3% in the first quarter as trump policy uncertainty weighed on businesses the u.s. economy contracted in the first three months of 2025, fueling recession fears at the start of president donald trump’s second term in office as he wages a potentially costly trade war. gross domestic product, a sum of all the goods and services produced from january through march, fell at a 0.3% annualized pace, according to a commerce department report wednesday adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation. economists surveyed by dow jones had been looking for a gain of 0.4% after gdp rose by 2.4% in the fourth quarter of 2024. however, over the past day or so some wall street economists changed their outlook to negative growth, largely fueled by an unexpected rise in imports as companies and consumers sought to get ahead of the trump tariffs implemented in early april. imports subtract from gdp.
us announces pauses on chinese reciprocal tariffs for smartphones, computers, and integrated circuits guess this is good news for apple, nvidia, and other consumer tech companies? although, not sure how well negotiations would move forward, since these seem like they key exports that are driving the trade deficit that you would want to tariff, vs. some textiles or clothing [
elon musk is one of the few winners from trump auto tariffs > donald trump’s planned tariffs on auto imports will hurt carmakers around the world and push up prices for us consumers. among the many losers, one winner stands out: elon musk’s tesla inc. > the electric vehicle maker has large factories in california and texas that churn out all the cars it sells in the us, insulating it to a greater degree from trump’s new levies on imported cars and key components. major rivals from south korea’s hyundai motor co. to germany’s volkswagen ag and america’s own general motors co. meanwhile will soon face sharply higher costs. > tesla is the “least exposed” to the new duties due to its domestic manufacturing operations, cfra research analyst garrett nelson wrote in an analysis this week. tesla itself has been boasting this week about its us credentials, saying in a post on x that its models “are the most american-made cars.
costco, best buy, nike, walmart, target and macy’s among the retailers raising prices as trump tariffs take hold > consumers who hoped tariffs would not hit their wallets keep getting bad news. as they reported earnings in recent weeks, multiple major retailers said they have already raised some prices or plan to hike them in the coming weeks to offset the duties. they include major grocers and consumer goods sellers costco, best buy, walmart and target. president donald trump’s ever-changing trade policy has roiled retailers as they try to plan their supply chains. on earnings calls, they faced the difficult task of trying to appease investors who want them to protect their bottom lines and shoppers who could balk at price hikes. > in some cases, companies have been explicit, citing the estimated toll tariffs will take on their bottom lines and breaking down which countries their supply chains rely on. other retailers have been less forthcoming, avoiding the word “tariff” and instead blaming strategy shifts or price hikes on “macroeconomic uncertainty” — or simply refusing to point the finger at all. > many retailers have reduced or withdrawn their full-year guidance because of tariffs. companies such as abercrombie & fitch, macy’s and best buy have slashed their profit outlooks. meanwhile, american eagle, canada goose, ross and mattel pulled their full-year guidance. > economists on both sides of the aisle agree that tariffs are inflationary and the cost will likely be passed on to consumers, though government data has not showed a clear effect yet. a majority, 68%, of u.s. ceos say they have either increased prices already or are considering doing so this year in the face of tariffs, according to a new survey by chief executive group and alixpartners. [source](
china says 'market has spoken' after us tariffs spark selloff article [here]( basically china just gave the trump administration the middle finger and are not going to negotiate jack shit. they will simply let trump deal with the inflation and economic damage that american farmers and manufacturers will suffer with the 34% tariffs that china is imposing on them. china is betting that this escalating trade war is going to be more politically painful for trump than for xi. if the eu takes the same approach this could become a long trade war of attrition.
trump says he'll start setting tariffs in a couple of weeks on nations that haven't struck deals >in a press conference on wednesday in the oval office, trump said he thought the us would get "great deals" in its trade negotiations. >"if we don't have a deal with a company or country, we're going to set the tariff," he added. >trump said his administration had spoken with 90 countries on the tariffs thus far. >"that will happen, i'd say, over the next couple of weeks, wouldn't you say? i think so, over the next two, three weeks. we'll be setting the number," he added.
multiple tslas set on fire in germany, and driven into rivers in canada. will this increase insurance premiums of tslas, and impact sales? if any folks working in auto insurance can provide insight. would these be treated as isolated actions, or would insurance companies begin to underwrite their risk profile for tslas differently, with higher premiums for end consumers who experience higher cost of ownership? [ [
vietnam’s zero tariff offer has been rejected by the trump administration. this offer “means nothing to us.” white house trade advisor peter navarro said monday that an offer by vietnam to eliminate tariffs on u.s. imports would not be enough for the administration to lift its new levies announced last week. "let's take vietnam. when they come to us and say 'we'll go to zero tariffs,' that means nothing to us because it's the nontariff cheating that matters," navarro said on cnbc's what's the point in negotiating then? so we are going to see market fall to 400? 🤡🤔
genuine question: how has the us market not completely tanked yet? i just don't get it. with tariffs and policies changing by the day, sometimes literally hours, how is the market up at all right now? wouldn't supply chains and manufacturers be basically stuck in limbo without some sort of stability so they can factor in tariff pricing and costs to their supply chains? now seems like the absolute worst time to be investing in kind of company due to all of the volatility. are people literally jut gambling and hoping they buy the dip at the right time for when some sort of stability starts to kick in? right now the stock market seems absolutely no different than than a crypto pump and dump yet people are still buying in?? i think you might have better luck at a casino? wtf??????
top tesla investor demands musk's exit amid stock plunge # [top tesla investor demands musk's exit amid stock plunge]( # the facts * longtime tesla investor ross gerber on wednesday publicly called for elon musk to step down as chief executive officer, citing musk's divided attention between tesla and his role in the us department of government efficiency (doge) as a special adviser in the trump administration. * in an interview, gerber said tesla is "absolutely" in crisis and has been "neglected for too long." he added, "it's time for somebody to run tesla." * tesla's market value has decreased by more than $800b since december, with shares down over 50% from their peak. the electric vehicle maker is facing declining sales and increasing competition in key markets. * in addition, the company is experiencing a nationwide boycott in reaction to musk's actions with the administration. there have been incidents of vandalism at showrooms and charging stations, including molotov cocktail attacks in las vegas and gunshots fired at facilities in portland. * previously, gerber's wealth management firm, which owned 262,352 tesla shares as of february, began selling shares in 2023 as concerns mounted over musk's leadership and tesla's declining reputation. * multiple tesla executives have sold over $100m worth of shares since early february, including james murdoch's $13m sale and kimbal musk's — elon musk's brother — disposal of 75k shares worth approximately $27m.
fed holds rates steady, defying trump’s call for cuts the federal reserve held interest rates steady wednesday for the third meeting in a row, defying president trump’s repeated calls for the central bank to loosen monetary policy further. the central bank voted unanimously to maintain its benchmark interest rate in the range of 4.25%-4.5%, a mark reached at the end of 2024 after cutting rates by a full percentage point last fall. fed officials noted that uncertainty about the economic outlook has “increased further,” but that the economy has continued to expand at a “solid pace” despite swings in net exports that have affected the data.
how low can it go? - dotcom crash 2000-2002 - 49% - global financial crisis 2007-2009 - 57% - flash crash 2010 - 9% in a few minutes - european debt crisis 2011 - 19% - 2018 correction - 20% - covid crash - 33% - 2022 bear market - 25% so far from the peak, we're down about 11.5%. that's already a pretty significant amount. so what do you guys think?
today’s $267.96 drop in the s&p 500 is the second largest fall ever (by points) and the largest percentage drop since covid (-4.73%) only march 16th, 2020, had a larger fall with -$324.89 (-11.98%). three other covid days, march 12th (-9.51%), march 9th, (-7.60%) and june 11th (-5.89%) are the only other trading days since 2011 with a worse percentage drop than today.
potus wants each country's "best offer" by wednesday for a trade deal. i have no idea what this looks like. it seems like potus does not understand how complex such deals need to be regarding specific items and rates, and barriers, etc. it is almost a childish view to think such a thing is possible. yet, maybe we get some more fake uk-type nonbinding agreements to negotiate. that would be bullish.
s&p 500, dow jones on course to mimic rare consecutive losses not seen since the great depression! the s&p 500 and the dow jones industrial average indices appear to be tracing a concerning pattern of consecutive steep declines, a phenomenon last witnessed during the great depression. according to the historical data shared by analysts, both the key indices have triggered a rare sell-off signal. ryan detrick, the chief market strategist of carson research, highlighted in an x post that if the s&p 500 closes down by 4% on monday, it would mark the third consecutive day of a 4% or greater decline. he states that this has only happened three times in history, all during the great depression. similarly, jason goepfert, a consultant at white oak consultancy llc, notes that futures indicate a loss greater than 3% for the dow jones. if this occurs, it would also be the third consecutive loss greater than 3%, which has only happened four times during the great depression.
trump tariffs reinstated by appeals court for now a federal appeals court on thursday granted the trump administration’s request to temporarily pause a lower-court ruling that struck down most of president donald trump’s tariffs. the trump administration had told the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit that it would seek “emergency relief” from the supreme court as soon as friday if the tariff ruling was not quickly put on pause. source: [
costco union representing 18,000 workers authorize nationwide strike a union representing thousands of costco employees voted to authorize a strike, paving the way for a work stoppage if the labor group and retailer do not reach an agreement. costco teamsters, the union with 18,000 employees for the retailer nationwide, said 85% of members voted to approve the action. the current contract between the teamsters and the wholesaler is set to expire jan. 31. “costco’s greedy executives have less than two weeks to do the right thing,” sean o’brien, general president of teamsters, said in a statement. “if they refuse, they’ll have no one to blame but themselves when our members go on strike.” a strike could hamper day-to-day operations at the well-known retailer. it could also impact public sentiment around costco, which has become known for its positive treatment of workers and, more recently, as a defender of diversity and inclusion initiatives. teamsters will negotiate for a final week with costco, the union wrote in an x post on sunday. the union ran practice pickets in preparation for a potential strike last week in locations including san diego and long island, new york. the union said in a statement earlier this year that costco rejected a proposal and called costco’s counterproposal “insulting,” noting that it didn’t reflect the company’s “historic financial success” and offered no enhancement to retirement benefits. “this strike vote is a direct response to costco’s greed and blatant disregard for the bargaining process,” tom erickson, director of the teamsters warehouse division, said in a press release. “costco claims to treat workers better than the competition, but right now, it’s failing to live up to that reputation. management has less than two weeks to fix this — if they don’t, they’ll face the consequences.” costco did not respond immediately to cnbc’s request for comment. source:
trump recommends 50% tariff on european union starting june 1 president donald trump on friday said he is “recommending a straight 50% tariff on the european union” after complaining that trade negotiations have stalled. >the european union, which was formed for the primary purpose of taking advantage of the united states on trade, has been very difficult to deal with. their powerful trade barriers, vat taxes, ridiculous corporate penalties, non-monetary trade barriers, monetary manipulations, unfair and unjustified lawsuits against americans companies, and more, have led to a trade deficit with the u.s. of more than $250,000,000 a year, a number which is totally unacceptable. our discussions with them are going nowhere! therefore, i am recommending a straight 50% tariff on the european union, starting on june 1, 2025. there is no tariff if the product is built or manufactured in the united states. thank you for your attention to this matter! [
warren buffett sounds warning to washington as berkshire reports record profit, cash new york, feb 22 (reuters) - berkshire hathaway (brka.n), opens new tab on saturday reported record annual profits and boosting its cash stake to $334.2 billion, as warren buffett used his annual shareholder letter to caution washington to spend money wisely and take care of those who get the "short straws in life." buffett's admonition came as many investors worry u.s. lawmakers won't rein in soaring fiscal deficits, and could make them worse by extending tax cuts backed by president donald trump. the 94-year-old buffett, the world's sixth-richest person and arguably its most famous investor, also acknowledged his advanced age, telling shareholders he uses a cane and will spend less time fielding their questions at berkshire's annual meeting on may 3. he nonetheless assured shareholders they would be in good hands after he turns over the conglomerate's reins to vice chairman greg abel, saying the 62-year-old abel has "vividly shown his ability" to deploy capital. "it won't be long" before abel takes over, buffett said. buffett's letter was accompanied by berkshire's annual report, where it reported a third straight record annual operating profit, rising 27% to $47.44 billion. quarterly operating profit rose 71% to $14.53 billion, also a record, and which analysts viewed as solid. net income for the full year totaled $89 billion, including gains from berkshire's common stock investments such as apple (aapl.o), opens new tab and american express (axp.n), opens new tab. berkshire's cash stake reflected high business valuations and nine straight quarters of selling more stocks than it bought. the selling included apple, which remained its largest stock investment. "often, nothing looks compelling; very infrequently we find ourselves knee-deep in opportunities," buffett wrote. 'fiscal folly' this year is buffett's 60th at the helm of berkshire, which he transformed from a failing textile company into a $1.03 trillion conglomerate with dozens of businesses in insurance, railroad, energy, industrial, retail and other sectors. "berkshire's activities now impact all corners of our country. and we are not finished," buffett said. buffett said berkshire will continue preferring equities, primarily u.s. stocks, over cash, even as it resists paying a dividend to shareholders, which it has not done since 1967. he said reinvesting in berkshire is one reason the omaha, nebraska-based company paid $26.8 billion of federal taxes last year, 5% of all payments by corporate america. buffett himself is worth $149.5 billion, forbes magazine said, but he also sent a cautionary message to washington, lamenting how capitalism "has its faults and abuses--in certain respects more egregious now than ever," with malfeasance by "scoundrels and promoters" in full force. he urged lawmakers to help preserve a stable u.s. dollar, saying "fiscal folly" can destroy the value of paper money and the country has at times "come close to the edge." buffett said long-term success of berkshire and the american economy, which he called the "american miracle," has depended on people's ability to participate. that, he said, is something uncle sam can encourage, or take away. "take care of the many who, for no fault of their own, get the short straws in life. they deserve better," buffett wrote, addressing the government. "and never forget that we need you to maintain a stable currency and that result requires both wisdom and vigilance on your part," he added. cathy seifert, an analyst at cfra research who rates berkshire "hold," said: "talking about the business of america being messy was his way of addressing the political landscape and its impact on the macroeconomic environment. he is warning washington: be careful where you tread." fewer buying opportunities while berkshire has not made a major purchase of an entire company since 2016, buffett said it is likely to increase its combined $23.5 billion of investments in five japanese trading houses: itochu (8001.t), opens new tab, marubeni (8002.t), opens new tab, mitsubishi (8058.t), opens new tab, mitsui (8031.t), opens new tab and sumitomo (8053.t), opens new tab. other stocks appear pricey, with the standard & poor's 500 (.spx), opens new tab hitting a new high on wednesday and the nasdaq (.ixic), opens new tab just 3% below its december 16 peak. berkshire's size also inhibits its shares from trouncing the indexes, as they did decades ago. the company's stock price has risen 15% in the last year, while the standard & poor's 500 rose 18%. over the last decade, berkshire's stock price has risen 225%, while the index rose 241% including dividends and 185% excluding dividends, reuters data show. "they will have lots of buying opportunities but berkshire will never be the large double-digit compounder it had been," said bill smead, chief investment officer at smead capital management in phoenix. at berkshire's annual meeting, buffett will spend less time on the stage in a downtown omaha arena where he, abel and vice chairman ajit jain will answer shareholder questions. tens of thousands of people attend the meeting and a weekend of shareholder events, including shopping. buffett told fortune magazine last month that he was still having fun and able to do a few things reasonably well, while other activities had been "eliminated or greatly minimized." the meeting will also not feature the traditional movie created by buffett's daughter susie. in discussing his age, buffett said he talks regularly on sundays with his 91-year-old sister bertie, using an old-fashioned phone. "we cover the joys of old age and discuss such exciting topics as the relative merits of our canes," he said. "in my case, the utility is limited to the avoidance of falling flat on my face."
adam schiff calls for insider trading investigation into trump over tariff pause >schiff is the first senator to openly call for a congressional investigation into potential insider trading by the trump administration in the aftermath of the president’s abrupt reversal on the implementation of new tariffs. i wonder if that investigation will actually happen.
elon musk tries and fails to pump tesla’s stock (tsla) elon musk tried to pump tesla’s stock (tsla) by claiming a 10x increase in profits, but it failed. in fact, the stock is down 10% since musk’s pump. after an analyst posted a prediction that tesla would increase its profits by 256%, tesla ceo elon musk responded >it will require outstanding execution, but i think more like 1000% gain for tesla in 5 years is possible. the comment was quickly propagated by elon fans and the community of “tesla all-ins” as being a sign that musk, who is quite busy with x and doge lately, still believes in tesla. full article: [
trump aide says tariffs will raise $6 trillion as white house readies plan white house aide peter navarro claimed sunday that president donald trump’s new tariffs would raise more than $6 trillion in federal revenue over the next decade, a figure that experts said would almost certainly represent the largest peacetime tax hike in modern u.s. history. appearing on fox news, navarro said the president’s tariffs on auto imports, set to take effect wednesday, would raise $100 billion per year. meanwhile, a regime of additional tariffs — details of which have yet to be released — would raise another $600 billion per year, or $6 trillion over the next decade, navarro said. navarro’s remarks suggest trump is preparing dramatic new measures for wednesday, which the president has referred to as “liberation day.” navarro is known to be among the most hawkish voices in the president’s inner circle on trade, and it was not immediately clear if he was speaking to official administration policy or for one side of an internal debate over the tariffs. but navarro’s comments are sure to rattle markets amid intensifying fears about the global trade war that trump’s tariffs have started. also speaking on fox news on sunday, kevin hassett, director of the white house national economic council, declined to outline trump’s plans. hassett is widely regarded as more skeptical of tariffs than navarro. “i can’t give you any forward-looking guidance on what’s going to happen this week,” hassett said. “the president has got a heck of a lot of analysis before him, and he’s going to make the right choice, i’m sure.” tariffs are taxes imposed on foreign goods imported into the united states. a tariff regime that generated $600 billion per year would amount to the biggest increase in federal tax revenue since world war ii, according to jessica riedl, senior fellow at the manhattan institute, a center-right think tank. by way of comparison, the u.s. is set to spend roughly $900 billion per year on the pentagon this year. extending trump’s 2017 tax cuts is projected to cost roughly $4 trillion over the next decade, adding roughly $400 billion a year to the national debt. generating $600 billion a year in fresh revenue theoretically would cover the cost of those tax cuts and then some. but economists say new taxes of that magnitude also could deepen instability on wall street and further increase the risk of a u.s. recession, and experts are extremely skeptical the tariffs would raise as much as navarro claimed. the trump administration argues that steep tariffs are necessary to bring production and manufacturing jobs back to the united states. “the message is tariffs are tax cuts. tariffs are jobs. tariffs are national security,” navarro said. “tariffs will make america great again.” navarro did not disclose details of the additional tariffs coming wednesday, but trump [has in recent days revived the idea]( of imposing a single universal rate on all imports to the united states, regardless of the product or the country of origin. during the 2024 presidential campaign, trump proposed setting this flat tariff rate as high as 20 percent. because the u.s. imports more than $3 trillion worth of goods per year, simple math suggests that a 20 percent import tax on all goods could raise close to $600 billion in annual revenue. however, economists argue that such a tax ultimately would raise far less because the costs would be passed on to american consumers in the form of higher prices and consumers would therefore purchase fewer imported goods. in an interview with nbc on saturday, trump nodded to this effect, [saying]( he “couldn’t care less” if his auto tariffs raise prices, because higher prices on imports would encourage people to buy american-made cars instead. a universal flat tariff has been heavily criticized by economists in both parties, who argue that it would raise prices indiscriminately, striking even some goods — such as food and cheap consumer electronics — that either cannot be produced in america or make little sense to produce domestically. this month, treasury secretary scott bessent outlined a more moderate approach to “liberation day” that calls for the united states to determine a new tariff policy for its each of its key trading partners, leaving room for negotiations and dealmaking. but trump has told advisers in recent days that he is wary of being insufficiently ambitious with his tariff policy, and it remains unclear precisely what wednesday will bring.
$rddt will lock content behind a paywall this year, ceo says redditors on other subs say this is going to kill reddit, but redditors are usually wrong about literally everything. usually the opposite of whatever the general consensus is, is what actually happens. such as how redditors thought netflix blocking password sharing would be its demise yet it mooned the company to new heights. or how reddit thought x would die yet it doubled ebitda and advertisers are coming back. so calls on $rddt? you think the reddit mods are still going to work for free too? thoughts? edit: general consensus in this thread is this will kill reddit, so double down on calls for $rddt
trump tariffs live: china says it will impose retaliatory tariffs on all us goods “china will impose additional tariffs of 34% on all us goods. china's finance ministry said it will impose the additional tariffs on u.s. goods from april 10. the rate will be on top of the current applicable tariff rate, it said. china's commerce ministry announced restrictions on some rare earths-related items the commerce ministry also added 16 u.s. entities to its export control list.”
wh: china now faces up to 245% imports white house: china now faces up to a 245% tariff on imports to the united states as a result of its retaliatory actions. source:
uk and eu to defy trump with ‘free and open trade’ declaration brussels — britain and the european union are set to sign a formal declaration committing to “free and open trade” in defiance of donald trump’s tariff agenda. a leaked draft seen by politico promises a “new strategic partnership” between london and brussels based on “maintaining global economic stability and our mutual commitment to free and open trade.” it comes as keir starmer’s u.k. government is locked in negotiations with the trump administration to try to get a carve-out from the u.s. president’s new tariffs. the draft u.k.-eu agreement, dated april 25, is one of several being drawn up ahead of a may 19 summit, which is seen as a key moment in resetting post-brexit relations.
why is pltr's ceo jumping on national tv to address a single short seller while the stock is near all time highs? article of karp going out of his way to call burry a lunatic on national tv this morning. [ pretty unusual move considering pltr is sitting right under ath. what's karp so concerned about? just let your astounding $4b revenue/year do the talking.
trump extends china tariff deadline by 90 days president donald trump has signed an executive order that will prevent high u.s. tariffs on chinese goods from snapping back into effect for another 90 days, a white house official told cnbc on monday afternoon. the order was signed just hours before midnight, when the pause on trump’s tariffs was set to expire. the delay was the expected outcome from the latest round of talks between u.s. trade negotiators and their chinese counterparts, which took place in stockholm, sweden, late last month. source: [
trump announces tariffs → stocks drop → buys stock → pauses tariff for 90 days... what happens next bro. you can’t make this up. here’s the plot so far: trump announces tariffs markets instantly go full anxiety mode. stocks in that sector? dumped. volatility? exploded. retail? shaking. meanwhile, behind the scenes, rumors swirl that his inner circle is buying the dip like it’s black friday at walmart. fast forward to today: he pauses the tariffs for 90 days. like... bruh. the very thing that nuked the market — he just casually hits the snooze button on it. and what happens? shorts get evaporated. retail fomos back in. and the cycle begins again. so the question is — **what the hell happens after the 90 days**? do the tariffs come back like a sequel no one asked for? is this just a ploy to pump positions and then rug pull again? or is it just trump being trump, dropping chaos into the economy like it’s his side hustle? and seriously — **what’s the endgame after 90 days**? do the tariffs come back harder than ever? or does this quietly disappear once the cameras shift back to the campaign trail?--> make (people) losers again
elon musk tried to pressure norway’s wealth fund—a major tesla shareholder—to approve his compensation package [ recently disclosed text messages reveal that elon musk tried to sway norway’s massive sovereign wealth fund—commonly known as the oil fund—to support his controversial tesla pay package. the fund, which manages assets of around usd 1.8 trillion and holds a significant stake in tesla, voted against musk’s compensation proposal, prompting him to admonish ceo nicolai tangen not to request any “favors” until making amends. in their exchange, musk also accused tangen of leaking the texts to the media, after norwegian outlets reported on his canceled dinner appearance at the oil fund’s investment conference. tangen countered that norway’s strict transparency laws, akin to the u.s. freedom of information act, required partial disclosure, including confirmation that musk would not attend. initially, the oil fund classified much of the conversation as private and withheld it. however, in the spirit of transparency, they eventually released all texts. the incident highlights the tension between musk’s calls for discretion and the norwegian oil fund’s legal obligations to remain open. while emphasizing a positive relationship with tesla as a critical investment, the fund has reiterated its opposition to musk’s pay plan.
nvidia hits $4 trillion market cap, first company to do so nvidia shares jumped more than 2% on wednesday, topping a $4 trillion market cap for the first time as investors scooped stock in the tech giant building the hardware for the generative artificial intelligence boom. the chipmaker is the first company to ever achieve this market value. nvidia is the world’s most valuable company, surpassing microsoft and apple, both of which hit the $3 trillion mark before nvidia. microsoft is also one of nvidia’s biggest and most important customers. the california-based company, which was founded in 1993, first passed the $2 trillion mark in february 2024, and surpassed $3 trillion in june. nvidia has profited heavily off of growing demand for artificial intelligence hardware and chips since the launch of chatgpt in late 2022. the company has positioned itself as the decisive leader in the creating the graphics processing units that power large language models. source:
consumer prices rise 0.5% in january, higher than expected inflation perked up more than anticipated in january, providing further incentive for the federal reserve to hold the line on interest rates. the consumer price index, a broad measure of costs in goods and services across the u.s. economy, accelerated 0.5% for the month, putting the annual inflation rate at 3%. they were higher than the respective dow jones estimates for 0.3% and 2.9%. excluding volatile food and energy prices, cpi rose 0.4% on the month, putting the 12-month inflation rate at 3.3%. that compared to respective estimates for 0.3% and 3.1%.
chinese markets are rejecting tesla tesla’s dominance in the ev market is slipping, and nowhere is that more obvious than in china. according to a new report from cnbc, tesla’s sales in china dropped 11.5% this january compared to the same time last year. with china setting the pace for the global ev industry, tesla is rapidly losing ground to local giants like byd. it’s not just a sales dip, it’s a wipeout. in january, byd sold 30% more evs than tesla worldwide. the reason? cost and variety. while tesla leans on price cuts to compete, chinese brands like byd are already priced lower from the start. tesla’s profit margins, once its strong suit, are shrinking fast, while byd keeps scaling production without sacrificing profitability. the model 3 and model y tesla’s core models are struggling to hold their own against a flood of cheaper, high-tech, government-backed alternatives. for years, tesla thrived under china’s policies that welcomed foreign ev makers. that era is over. the chinese government has made it clear, they want their own brands to lead the global ev race. companies like byd, nio, and xpeng are now the priority, while tesla is increasingly seen as an outsider. tesla’s shanghai gigafactory, once a strategic advantage, is now a vulnerability. the chinese government could tighten regulations, cut subsidies, or tilt the playing field even further in favor of domestic competitors, any of which would weaken tesla’s foothold even more. elon’s strategy of constant price cuts has helped sustain demand, but the latest 11.5% sales drop suggests the approach is losing its effectiveness. cutting prices again and again doesn’t build brand loyalty.. it signals that demand is slipping. and tesla can’t keep squeezing its margins forever. the competition isn’t slowing down it’s accelerating.
microsoft is cutting 3% of all workers microsoft on tuesday said that it’s laying off 3% of employees across all levels and geographies. “we continue to implement organizational changes necessary to best position the company for success in a dynamic marketplace,” a microsoft spokesperson said in a statement to cnbc. the company reported better-than-expected results and an upbeat quarterly forecast in late april. microsoft had 228,000 employees at the end of june, meaning that the move will affect thousands of employees. it’s likely microsoft’s largest round of layoffs since the elimination of 10,000 roles in 2023. in january the company announced a small round of layoffs that were performance-based. these new job cuts are not related to performance, the spokesperson said. one objective is to reduce layers of management, the spokesperson said. on monday, microsoft shares stopped trading at $449.26, the highest price so far this year. they closed at a record $467.56 last july. source: [
trump is laying the groundwork to blame powell for any downturn [ it is unclear whether trump will go beyond haranguing powell to try to fire him. powell would likely fight such an action in court. investor faith in the u.s. could also be shaken. monday’s slump in stocks and the dollar and rise in bond yields might be a foretaste. that prospect has some republicans warning trump against threatening to oust the fed leader. “the president has already created tremendous uncertainty concerning international trade policy, forcing every business in america to figure out what his policies are,” said gramm, who chaired the senate banking committee from 1999 to 2001. “suggesting that powell could be removed through presidential action creates a whole new uncertainty.” even if trump doesn’t ultimately oust powell, his efforts to discredit him could do lasting harm to an institution that has long sought to remain apolitical and technocratic. “this is a real disaster” for the fed, said peter conti-brown, a fed historian at the university of pennsylvania. “the very integrity and buy-in on a bipartisan basis that the federal reserve is going to be a straight shooter is what gives the fed its authority, its maneuverability.”
tariffs causing a pharmaceutical shortage, with 95% of ibuprofen sourced from china. is this legit? hard to believe there isn’t enough ibuprofen manufacturing in the us: not even merck? johnson? eli lilly. do you know any listed us company that manufacture ibuprofen ? apollo’s chief economist warned that the u.s. is heavily reliant on china for key drugs, including 95% of ibuprofen and most hydrocortisone, acetaminophen, and penicillin. over 90% of the u.s. supply of the anti-inflammatory steroid hydrocortisone comes from china, along with 70% of acetaminophen and 45% of penicillin imports. the u.s. depends heavily on china for low-cost generic drugs, which account for 90% of all prescriptions filled, according to the fda. tariffs are already leading to supply strain, with companies pulling back due to rising costs. sløk cautioned of looming “covid-like shortages.” port of los angeles director gene seroka reported falling chinese shipments and predicted shelves could empty within weeks. update: thanks for the comments below, i am learning a lot on how the supply chain of these specifics manufactured drugs works ( china, apis, india, etc..). would it be fair to say that most affordable, otc drugs comes from these countries, while the major us drug companies focus more on the most expensive, less accessible drugs (requiring insurance) like cancers and other obscure medications ?
trump says the u.s. and china are 'actively' discussing tariffs. beijing says that's false. china denies current trade talks with the u.s. and demands the removal of all u.s. tariffs to end the trade war. the u.s. has imposed high tariffs on chinese goods, and china has retaliated. despite u.s. claims of contact, no negotiations are
coca-cola company (ko) shareowners reject anti-dei activist investor proposals coke (ko) shareowners last wednesday, april 30 rejected various right-wing activist investor proposals by a wide margin (95 - 99%). some of the rhetoric used in the proposals was downright insane: "first, the company appears to be all in on agendas that many americans believe are radical and leftist, including embracing utopian environmental goals, dividing employees on the basis of race and sex in the name of dei, and scoring 100% on the human right campaign corporate equality index, which has been described as a woke credit scoring system that promotes transgenderism." "but one would truly have to have one's head in the sand to conclude that the concerns proponent raises about esg, dei, and transgenderism are isolated and merely perceived by the proponent who happens to be a shareholder. note, as just one example, the growing list of companies and brands that have recently done an about face on one or more of these issues. the fact that coke can be so dismissive of these concerns is itself indicative of the need for the committee and report the proposal requests." "nearly all of corporate america has recognized that dei policies have become toxic and rejected by most consumers in the united states, but coca-cola still clings to these discriminatory practices. for example, coke's top competitor, pepsico, eliminated dei-based executive incentives, and we withdrew our proposal there." thanks for voting if you put in your vote. links: annual meeting of shareowners homepage: transcript of the meeting (pdf): final proxy vote (pdf): rule 1 disclosure: i am a ko shareowner. edit since i am seeing people in here talking about the recently circulating misinformation in regards to coke reporting immigrant workers to ice: fact check: no evidence coca-cola reported immigrant workers to ice
breaking: us cutting levies on chinese goods to 30% from 145%, china is lowering its levies on us goods to 10% from 125% - both for 90 days! s&p 500 futures extend gains to 2.8%; nasdaq 100 futures +3.5% usd/jpy rises to highest since april 10 us 10-year yield climbs to one-month high hang seng index extends gain to 3.6% first few questions from the press in geneva are about the math in the agreement. does this mean 30% us tariffs on all chinese goods? the answer is, kind of. greer says that the agreement announced today refers to the reciprocal tariffs imposed on april 2 and the chinese retaliation. tariffs on china are now 30%...the 20% us tariffs imposed earlier this year on china goods in relation to fentanyl are still in place, he said. the rate also does not include any sector-specific tariffs imposed globally. so some chinese goods would still face a higher levy. bessent interjects to say that overall, there are “very constructive talks with our chinese counterparts” ongoing.
u.s. gov shutdown about to break the 35-day record markets still acting chill the record for the longest government shutdown in us history, lasting 35 days, is about to be officially broken. the senate failed to pass an appropriations bill again yesterday. we've experienced this farce several times. usually, the market shrugs until some "real" problems arise and then everyone pretends they expected it. but now? the market remains relatively calm. consumer confidence has begun to weaken. earnings season is mixed. and now, the longest government shutdown in history is brewing. i'm not panicking just hedging and having extra cash on hand. i still hold my long-term tech stocks, but i have to admit... this shutdown feels different. not catastrophic, just... the atmosphere is much heavier. does anyone else feel this way? are you treating this as market noise, or preparing for what might happen?
elon musk says backlash against his doge government cuts is hurting tesla stock tesla ceo elon musk said sunday that his involvement in the trump administration could be hurting the automaker’s stock price. speaking at a town hall event in wisconsin, musk said his role with the so-called department of government efficiency — which is pushing for widespread government job cuts — is creating backlash against his electric car company and hurting the stock. “what they’re trying to do is put massive pressure on me, and tesla i guess, to ... stop doing this,” musk said, according to bloomberg news. “my tesla stock and the stock of everyone who holds tesla has gone, went roughly in half. i mean it’s a big deal.” shares of tesla entered monday already down more than 34% year to date, and the stock has been cut nearly in half from its peak in december. shares were down an additional 6% in premarket trading monday. the drop for the stock could be a “buying opportunity” for the long term, said musk, who was in wisconsin ahead of a state supreme court election there. musk has campaigned for the conservative candidate and spent more than $12 million on the race, in addition to giving $1 million each to two voters at sunday’s rally for signing a petition against “activist judges.” the slumping stock isn’t the only sign of public anger with musk for his political work. protesters demonstrated at tesla dealerships over the weekend, and there have been reports of vandalism against vehicles and dealers across the country. musk’s role in politics is not limited to doge. he publicly campaigned with trump in 2024 and has been a regular presence at the white house since the new administration took over in january. he also regularly comments on many different political topics on x, the social media company he owns. the ceo’s rising political profile comes amid signs that tesla’s core business is slowing. the automaker’s vehicle deliveries declined in 2024, and preliminary data has shown that sales are down again early this year, especially in europe. in a note to clients sunday, investment firm stifel trimmed its price target on the stock and lowered its sales projections for tesla. musk’s political dealings may not be the only reason for tesla’s struggles. other u.s. auto stocks have also labored in recent weeks, partly because of threats of higher tariffs on imported goods into the u.s. and retaliation from overseas trading partners, adding uncertainty to an industry whose supply chains are tightly woven among the u.s., canada and mexico. source: [elon musk says backlash against doge government cuts hurts tesla stock](
ken griffin criticizes trump tariffs: says those jobs are not coming back from bloomberg. of course this billionaire actively supported trump and donated millions. somehow he never heard trump say over and over again that “the us was getting ripped off” and the best way to fight that was high tariffs? trump has been saying this since the 1980’s when japan was ascendant. “citadel founder ken griffin extended his criticism of the trump administration’s trade policy, saying that tariffs won’t bring back american manufacturing jobs the way that the president anticipates and the country should play to its strengths instead. “he dreams of giving people their dignity back, and i have to applaud him for having that dream,” griffin, speaking friday at stanford university’s graduate school of business, said of president donald trump. the dream of creating more manufacturing jobs, however, “is not going to come true.” “these jobs are not coming back to america,” griffin said. “and to be clear, with an unemployment rate of 4%, america has moved on.” the citadel billionaire, who earlier this week said the trade war has devolved into a “nonsensical” place, has warned that the us is putting its global brand at risk as a result of the tariff policies. on friday, he said the administration has embraced a transactional mindset that runs contrary to the best interests of the country. speaking as part of stanford’s “view from the top” series in silicon valley, griffin argued the us should try to play to its strengths, such as creating intellectual property and content, rather than bringing back jobs in factories that are rapidly automating their production anyway. ken griffin criticizes trump tariffs: ‘these jobs are not coming back’
trump says mexico, canada tariffs will start march 4, plus additional 10% on china >president donald trump on thursday said that his proposed tariffs on mexico and canada will go into effect on march 4, and that china will be charged an additional 10% tariff on the same date. >the sweeping 25% tariffs on imports from mexico and canada had been paused on feb. 3 for one month. but the trump administration had recently sown confusion about whether they would go back into effect when the delays expired. >in a truth social post thursday morning, trump clarified that they would. >he claimed that illicit drugs “are still pouring into our country from mexico and canada at very high and unacceptable levels,” despite pledges from both u.s. neighbors to boost their efforts to police their borders. >“we cannot allow this scourge to continue to harm the usa, and therefore, until it stops, or is seriously limited, the proposed tariffs scheduled to go into effect on march fourth will, indeed, go into effect, as scheduled,” trump wrote. >he also announced that china, which already faces 10% u.s. tariffs on its imports, “will likewise be charged an additional 10% tariff on that date.” >trump added, “the april second reciprocal tariff date will remain in full force and effect.” link: [ **my take:** this news was released at around 8:51 am pt. i watched vxx, (vix etf), baba, fxi, spy, plus other trade war participants that would be most affected. interested mainly in triple levered etfs like upro or yinn at the open to see if there's more volatility coming in (which there likely will be). this is somewhat of an incremental headline because we've seen trump announce tariffs before but we never knew if they were a bluff or not, but today's tweet might be confirmation that this is actually happening (unless yet again, this is a bluff). the trade for most of these catalysts is mainly just waiting with your hands on the keyboard and waiting for most of these tweets and being quick on the draw. i traded when trump was president back in 2016-2020 and read close to every tweet he made. **i'm most interested in baba on the news because we're already so over extended from the chinese government's announcement of liquidity measures yesterday (it was what resulted in the 4% spike yesterday).**
the stock market is fully gaslit for this reason tesla stalls = up. meta and microsoft are faring well = up. mcdonald's reports large same-store sales decline = neutral. quarterly reports are just starting to sound the alarm about recession + anti-american sentiment abroad (and perhaps at home as well). it seems like it's important to inflate the market in the lead up, no matter what, because everyone knows the music is about to stop. [
anyone else think the trump market will end up crashing? everyone is expecting more massive market gains because of trump. big tech to get bigger, crypto to go to 1027374083727033 zillion, and pretty much indices to keep going vertical. with everyone on one side of the boat does anyone think it’s possible that trump and his asset pumping / gas on the fire of animal spirits mentality will eventually cause a chernobyl effect?? could trump actually be the black swan that’s been right in front of our eyes all along? his tariff policies maybe, idk. it’s a tough thought to even consider because trump will not tolerate a down market during his presidency. but at the same time we’re probably 15t-20t more in debt than when he started in 2016 and rates/inflation are still very high. it’s a much different back drop from 2016. trump has already made some sneaky comments preemptively blaming biden for a crash, leads me to think maybe he’s somewhat concerned as well? in reality, i know stocks will go up no matter what. really doesn’t matter who the president is. just interesting to think about the thought of trump, the savior of the market and the economy, actually being the cause for its implosion. 🤔 edit - and not long after i have posted this we now have the trump meme coin launch...unreal times
tesla sales plunges 70% in norway, what might the future bring norway is a special market with almost 90% ev's with a market share of 18% for tesla, so in other countries sales will most likely not decline as much in the same period since oversaturation is less of an issue. norway can be a reference for other markets in the future but only if tesla is able to clean up their reputation. since administration only started on the 21st, we will only see the real effect of decline in sales when numbers from march are published. some other countries share car registrations which are from a time point a view much more reliable than sales, since it's unclear if this is about cars being delivered or ordered. **reasons of decline** * (stronger) competition * oversaturation of tesla, people want to have another car as the rest * customers possibly waiting for new tesla y * musk although oversaturation is less of a risk in other countries, people still steer away from tesla in favour of different, fresher designs. tesla is focusing a lot on new tech gadgets/software, while their cars still almost look the same as many years ago. **conclusion and near future** although it's unclear if the numbers are deliveries or orders in february, we might see a further decline. people that already decided to buy a tesla are unlikely to cancel their order. in norway we might see almost no sales anymore because until new tesla y rolls out. in other countries sales could plunge the same as in norway. if the decline of sales becomes a trend this will in the short term become a big logistic and manufactoring problem for tesla. they'll have to start dealing with overstock, production might need to be halted since more production might just lead to more overstock.
u.s. added just 73,000 jobs in july and numbers for prior months were revised much lower nonfarm payroll growth was lower than expected in july and the unemployment rate ticked higher, raising potential trouble signs for the u.s. labor market. job growth totaled 73,000 for the month, above the june total of 14,000 but below even the meager dow jones estimate for a gain of 100,000. june and may totals were revised sharply lower, down by a combined 258,000 from previously announced levels.
china to impose additional import tax of 84% on us goods in response to trump tariffs china just announced new tariffs of 50% on us imports, in addition to the 34% already announced. this brings their total tariff rate up to 84%. the ministry says that these new charges will take effect from 12:01 cst (04:00 bst) on 10 april. [ edit china added 12 u.s. companies to its export control list and 6 to its unreliable entities list **american photonics** and **novotech** to its export control list, banning exports of dual-use items to them. **shield ai** and **sierra nevada corporation** were placed on the unreliable entities list, prohibiting all china-related trade and investment. * **shield ai** develops ai-powered autonomous systems for military drones. **sierra nevada corporation** specializes in aerospace and defense tech. * **american photonics** makes precision co2 laser optics, while **novotech** produces infrared optical materials. both have dual-use applications in civilian and military sectors. this could disrupt their supply chains as they rely on chinese components (e.g., rare earths, specialty optics). [
bezos’s ex-wife mackenzie scott cuts her amazon stake by almost half “scott reduced her stake in bezos’s company by 58 million shares worth an estimated $12.6 billion. leaving her with 81.1 million shares, bloomberg reports, citing regulatory paperwork filed september 30” thoughts?
you are exit liquidity i am tired of watching retail buy every single dip the past couple weeks. **the markets is a casino on meth.** we are just customers. the markets have evolved, strategies become outdated. value investing still has its place, but the market today is nothing like it was 10 years ago. **we are now in an option driven, market making delta neutral, casino slot machine, where the algorithmic trading keep you addicted to price movements. you'll see low-volume rallies and spikes on “not-so-bad” news, feeding a narrative of optimism — right up until the big players have secured their bearish positions. then, they’ll dump on you premarket.** like it or not, the economy is in trouble. any fed indicators are lagging. large spenders driving american consumption (middle class) is getting laid off. cc debt is at an all time high. loan delinquency is at an all time high. be careful what you buy and how long you plan to hold. if you’re not ready to wait 1–2 years, it might be best to stay out. edit: i'm not saying you should stop buying, dca is a great strategy, but not the only one. there is always opportunity to buy certain stocks in this volatile environment. just be careful what you buy... if you want to buy an etf, check their holdings instead of just blindly pouring money in.
boeing shares fall 8% after air india plane crashes shares of planemaker boeing fell 8 per cent in premarket u.s. trading on thursday after an air india aircraft with 242 people crashed minutes after taking off from india’s western city of ahmedabad. aviation tracking site flightradar24 said the plane was a boeing 787-8 dreamliner, one of the most modern passenger aircraft in service. the plane was headed to gatwick airport in the u.k., air india said, while police officers said it crashed in a civilian area near the airport, without specifying whether there were any fatalities. it was not immediately clear what caused the crash. boeing said in a statement it was aware of initial reports and was working to gather more information. the news comes as the planemaker tries to rebuild trust related to safety in its jets and ramp up production under new chief executive officer kelly orthberg. boeing’s shares were down about 8 per cent at us$196.52 in premarket trading. “it’s a knee jerk reaction (to the incident) and there’s revised fears of the problems that plagued boeing aircraft and boeing itself in recent years,” said chris beauchamp, analyst at ig group. source: [
the taco trade may doom the stock market today when trump announced the 25% tariffs on japan and korea, markets had a relatively muted reaction. even with the trump administration stating that they’re raising tariff rates on other 12 countries this week, the s&p 500 didn’t even decline a full percentage point. the markets current reaction to trump revamping his tariff talk pales in comparison to the -7% decline after announcing his canada and mexico tariffs and the further -12% drop after liberation day. financial markets have begun to largely ignore trump and his tariffs, pricing in the expectation that he will ultimately chicken out. here’s the thing: trump always chickens out *because* of the markets reaction. whether it was his first term tariffs in 2018 or his walk back of the liberation day tariffs or his eventual decision not to fire jpow, he always chickens out because of the stock or bond market. when the markets stop caring about trump’s constantly changing tariffs and assume everything will be all right in the end, that’s a **very bad** thing for america. if the market continues to rally based on bullish sentiment while ignoring the possibility that trump actually keeps the tariffs this time, it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy. he will move on to destroying something else while the tariffs slowly increase inflation and suppress profits. then, if earnings start coming in negative and the gdp shrinks, the market could crash again like on april 3rd. edit: not a bear. i own positions in voo and schd.
trump media sounds alarm to sec over stock trading regarding djt: 'suspicious activity' “president donald trump's trump media & technology group (tmtg) wrote to the securities and exchange commission (sec) to alert it to "suspicious activity" after qube, a u.k.-based hedge fund, declared a $105 million short position in its djt stock.” that is some next level hypocrisy lol
google likely to face $4.7 billion usd fine goog can't catch a break and likely to face fines in eu general court, however the penalty is not confirmed, only an advise by the advocate general in eu court to dismiss google's appeal against the fine that was proposed in 2022. this was the reason why goog took a dump before the market close on 18th june. i am long goog, have $180c for august; hoping this is not a big dent.
u.s. stocks are underperforming the rest of the world by the largest margin since 2009 the msci ex-us index is now outperforming msci us, and by the largest margin since 2009, a striking reversal after nearly twenty years of us dominance. for years, the narrative of us exceptionalism in markets has held strong, powered by tech innovation, easy monetary policy, and global capital inflows. but with valuations stretched, on-off-paused tariffs, increased corruption, unprecedented government interference in business, a weakened dollar and constant threats to jay powell and other fed board members, many investors are clearly beginning to look elsewhere.
chinese embassy says will not bow to fresh trump tariff threat china says it would not cave to pressure or threats after trump promised additional 50 percent tariffs on its goods if beijing did not retract planned countermeasures. >“we have stressed more than once that pressuring or threatening china is not a right way to engage with us. china will firmly safeguard its legitimate rights and interests,” liu pengyu, spokesman for beijing’s embassy in the united states, told afp. [
tariffs to cost companies $1.2t this year, mostly hitting consumers > president trump's tariffs will cost businesses more than $1.2 trillion this year, with most of that cost being passed on to consumers, according to a new study from s&p global. > in the study published on thursday, s&p global found that companies are now expected to pay at least $1.2 trillion more in 2025 expenses than they anticipated on jan. 1, in what the researchers say is likely a conservative estimate. > the researchers project that at least two-thirds of "expense shock" will be passed on to consumers, with the rest absorbed by companies. > the $1.2 trillion figure comes via data collected from 15,000 analysts across 9,000 companies. >"tariffs and trade barriers act as taxes on supply chains and divert cash to governments; logistics delays and freight costs compound the effect," they wrote.
in leaked memo, altman is panicing about openai's future after gemini 3.0 release (no paywall) [ altman’s message marks a rare moment of vulnerability for a ceo known for his relentless optimism. he explicitly described the current atmosphere as having *“rough vibes,”* a departure from the [triumphalism of its 2025 devday]( dominating the admission is a concern over technical leadership. acknowledging google’s resurgence, altman conceded that openai is now in a position of *“catching up fast.”* [independent benchmarks]( align with this view, showing gemini 3 pro leading gpt-5.1 in reasoning and coding tasks, effectively neutralizing openai’s long-held “moat.” employees reportedly reacted with a mix of anxiety and appreciation for the transparency, though the admission that “we are not invincible” has rattled confidence. rumors of a hiring freeze have begun circulating internally, adding weight to the memo’s warning of a more disciplined operational phase. serving as a psychological reset for staff, the document moves the company from a “default winner” mindset to a wartime footing. altman concluded the note by urging focus, admitting that despite the company’s massive valuation, *“we know we have some work to do.”*
china orders halts to boeing jet deliveries trump was hoping for xi to call and negotiate a deal. instead, xi just raised the stakes. this impact not just boeing, but any and all us aircraft component makers, from spirit aerosystems and honeywell to ge and garmin. also important to point out the china is the 2nd largest aircraft market in the world. [source]( "trade wars are good and easy to win" \-donald trump
us dollar suffers worst start to year since 1973 the us dollar is headed for its worst first half of the year since 1973, as donald trump’s trade and economic policies prompt global investors to rethink their exposure to the world’s dominant currency. the dollar index, which measures the currency’s strength against a basket of six others including the pound, euro and yen, has slumped more than 10 per cent so far in 2025, the worst start to the year since the end of the gold-backed bretton woods system. “the dollar has become the whipping boy of trump 2.0’s erratic policies,” said francesco pesole, an fx strategist at ing. [
us has reached out to china to initiate tariff talks, cctv says link to bloomberg article - us president donald trump’s administration has been seeking contact with beijing to initiate talks on the massive tariffs washington has imposed on china, according to a state-run media outlet. the us government recently reached out to china though various channels, yuyuantantian, a weibo account affiliated with china central television that regularly signals beijing’s views on trade, said in a post. it cited unidentified people with knowledge of the matter, providing no further details. the post casts a different light on behind-the-scenes maneuvering between the world’s two largest economies. trump has repeatedly said president xi jinping needs to contact him in order to begin tariff talks and earlier this week, treasury secretary scott bessent said it’s up to beijing to take the first step to de-escalate the dispute.
apple announces $100b share buyback. apple’s ceo. “we were happy to welcome iphone 16e to our lineup, and to introduce powerful new macs and ipads that take advantage of the extraordinary capabilities of apple silicon. and we were proud to announce that we’ve cut our carbon emissions by 60 percent over the past decade.” in conjunction with the results, apple raised its share buyback program to $100b, and increased its quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share, an increase of 4%. the dividend is payable on may 15 to shareholders of record as of may 12.
the wall street journal explains trump tariffs. i had a similar analyses, but this coming from most respected business paper should have more weight. (quote) markets are trying to figure out the implications of upending this system. here are four: more expensive stuff, and less choice of stuff. increasing saving means reducing consumption. the tariffs amount to the largest tax increase in decades, which counts as government “saving”—as well as pushing up the price for almost everything imported. higher interest rates. the capital inflows that offset the trade deficit help fund a big chunk of federal government borrowing. slash the trade deficit and the net inflow of foreign money dries up. bond yields will need to rise to attract domestic savers to buy treasurys instead of stocks or corporate bonds, which will hit share prices and raise the cost of borrowing for companies. lower stock prices. only a small chunk of foreign investments goes into building factories. if there were more foreign direct investment, it could finance at least some of the reconstruction of manufacturing. but we’ve assumed trump succeeds in shrinking the trade and current-account deficits, so there will be less foreign money coming in (remember: balance). so more foreign factory building means less foreign buying of stocks and bonds, so lower stock prices. a weaker dollar. in economic theory the dollar is the variable that moves when savings and investment don’t balance. if the u.s. saves too little to cover its investment, the dollar should weaken to make u.s. investments more attractive to foreigners. in practice the dollar has been in demand for foreign reserves and for use in trade, as well as a safe place to stash the world’s savings. all three are now being questioned: reserve holders worry they could be cut off from their reserves the way russia was, trade is likely to shrink thanks to tariffs, and investors are worried that u.s. law might no longer be the reliable protector of their assets. (end quote) this is the most important part, and the full article under paywall can be found here:
the mar-a-lago accord - they are crashing the market and the dollar so i've posted around this paper by stephen miran, ringing the alarm bells regarding what they are trying to do: [ he is trump's new chief economic adviser. guess what? the word "tariff" appears here 215 times. this is the plan. this paper establishes a regime where america is literally a global protection racket - "pay up the tariffs or we throw you to the wolves." this has a tinfoil hat flavor to all this, but just yesterday ezra klein's new episode dropped with gillian tett, a financial times reporter, and it is all about the mar-a-lago accord. it's not a name of some conspiracy theory. this policy paper mentions "mar-a-lago accord" as a thing: [ you are not crazy - they tried to impose tariffs on our allies, the allies balked, and now the crew is salty and disorganized. they don't know what to do. hilariously, miran predicted this himself (this is in the summary, p.37, read it): >these policies may supercharge efforts of those looking to minimize exposure to the united states. efforts to find alternatives to the dollar and dollar assets will intensify. there remain significant structural challenges with internationalizing the renminbi or inventing any sort of “brics currency,” so any such efforts will likely continue to fail, but alternative reserve assets like gold or cryptocurrencies will likely benefit. dionysis partsinevelos at msn breaks down the plan in a more terrifying detail, describing scenarios such as repricing fort knox gold (that's why you've heard about it) and basically sabotaging the dollar and us bonds: [ buckle up.
trump delays tariffs! for automakers. the rest stays. [ my guess is that we get an hour of dead cat bounce before people realize that this doesn't mean what everyone was hoping for. edit: yeah, this doesn't look great. please stay away from the liquidity traps and don't feed the bears.
don’t look at stock markets. look at the ports. the atlantic: key points: port of los angeles sees a 35% drop in cargo traffic: high tariffs on chinese goods have nearly halted shipments from china, according to port executive director eugene seroka. he projected a 35% decrease in cargo arrivals compared to the same time last year. ports handle over 30% of u.s. container trade: the port of los angeles and the neighboring port of long beach together process 31% of all u.s. shipping container imports and exports (17% and 14%, respectively), making their slowdown a critical national issue. wider economic fallout includes job loss and supply chain slowdown: 1 in 9 jobs in the los angeles region is tied to port activity. experts estimate a 9-12 month long recovery if tariffs are reversed today. as maritime traffic and cargo volume decline, the trucking industry and broader supply chain are also slowing, threatening small businesses and consumer goods availability nationwide. —————————————————————————- full article: by juliette kayyem a drop in maritime traffic suggests that the worst is yet to come. stock markets plunged for days after president donald trump announced steep tariffs on imports from around the world. the sell-off ebbed only when he suspended most, but not all, of the new measures for 90 days. the ticker tape is just one indicator of an economy, and other signs are growing more and more ominous—including at the port of los angeles, where high tariffs on china are crushing maritime traffic. “essentially all shipments out of china for major retailers and manufacturers have ceased,” eugene seroka, the executive director of the port, said on april 24. trump views tariffs as essential to rebuilding the manufacturing economy that the united states once had. but his erratic tariff announcements have badly disrupted the economy that the country has today, and that pain is already being felt in the world of logistics. “these are big, massive bullwhips that have not been seen since covid,” evan smith, the ceo of the supply-chain-management company altana technologies, told me. “the tariffs themselves are a shock to the system, and the shock is echoed and amplified across the entire chain. even if there is resolution, it will take nine to 12 months to work out these bumps.” the port of los angeles, the busiest in the western hemisphere, processes about 17 percent of everything the united states imports or exports in shipping containers. the adjoining port of long beach accounts for another 14 percent. over the years, a whole ecosystem has arisen to support the loading and unloading of the cars, clothes, electronic gadgets, and other things that people want. there are workers and warehouses, trucks and loading pads, security structures and rail lines. seroka estimated that cargo arrivals would soon be down 35 percent over the same time last year. at the moment, the drop in traffic seems likelier to accelerate than to reverse. the number of cargo ships canceling port calls or entire voyages is on the rise. a number of shipments now under way were instigated before trump’s so-called liberation day tariff announcement, on april 2. according to forto, a cargo-management and -tracking company, reservations for shipping products must normally be placed two weeks before a cargo vessel launches. the trip from china from california typically takes two or more additional weeks. in other words, the full effects of u.s. tariff policies on maritime traffic may not be apparent for some time. the economy, and the supply chains that allow it to function, can adjust fairly quickly to certain shocks, including weather disasters and even a pandemic. early in the covid shutdowns, toilet paper was in short supply as americans spent more time at home and less at workplaces and schools. the problem eased as manufacturers ramped up production, transportation systems adapted, and consumer anxiety decreased. but trump’s trade war is different because it is unpredictable and indefinite. even if he were to renounce tariffs tomorrow, trump has already shaken global confidence in american economic-policy making. no one can comfortably make business decisions based on what he does. unless the republican-controlled congress steps in to quickly take away the president’s ability to impose import duties at will, a failed effortso far, even foreign trading partners who believe they have a deal with the united states could be at risk of capricious new taxes on their products. tariffs don’t just reduce the flow of goods coming into the country; they also cause an atrophying of the logistics system that moves products into, out of, and around the united states. “less cargo volume, less jobs. that’s the rule here,” mario cordero, ceo of the port of long beach, said recently, describing how one in nine jobs in the greater los angeles region arises directly or indirectly from its ports. “port complexes are like your baby toe on your foot,” peter neffenger, the former commander of the coast guard sector that includes los angeles and long beach, told me. “you don’t think about it until you break it one day and realize, ‘i can’t walk.’” like the shipping business into and out of los angeles, the nationwide trucking industry is slowing down, because drivers have a lot less cargo to move. without inventory arriving or en route, small businesses will falter; bigger industries will shrink; shelves will be empty. this week, trump blamed former president joe biden, rather than his own policies, for the recent turmoil on wall street. what’s happening in los angeles suggests that, if anything, financial markets have yet to fully price in how much trump’s tariff war is hurting the economy. the stock market goes up and down. maritime indicators keep on sinking. ————————————————————————- 12 month possible timeline chatgpt (updated) here’s a detailed 12-month timeline outlining what could happen to the american people if the current tariff-driven trajectory continues without intervention: june–july 2025: recession declared, public pressure builds • recession officially confirmed as gdp shrinks in q2 2025. • unemployment rises to 6.2%; layoffs concentrated in logistics, manufacturing, and retail. • port of la traffic down 35–40%; national import flow craters. • consumer confidence index drops below 80. • protests begin in port cities (e.g., la, seattle) over job losses and inflation. • social media disinformation spikes, fueling confusion and outrage. • early signs of coordinated labor strikes in supply chain sectors. august–september 2025: economic inequality ignites frustration • back-to-school inflation hits 12–15%; families can’t afford supplies. • small business bankruptcies up 30% yoy; black and immigrant-owned businesses hit hardest. • rent delinquencies rise 25%, especially in urban areas. • local governments face budget gaps from reduced tax revenue. • street protests expand, including union walkouts and flash strikes. • isolated clashes with law enforcement reported in at least 3–5 major cities. • militia rhetoric and anti-government organizing increase online. october–november 2025: civil unrest threatens stability • holiday inflation hits 10–14%; shelves partially empty. • unemployment nears 7%, youth unemployment >10%. • mass protests erupt in response to perceived government inaction; occupy-style encampments reappear. • several cities impose curfews or call in national guard due to escalating unrest. • disruptions to public transportation and commerce in urban centers (e.g., chicago, nyc, atlanta). • social fabric frays: increase in thefts, flash mobs, and property damage. december 2025–january 2026: widespread social strain • winter heating + food costs overwhelm low-income families. • food insecurity hits 1 in 5 households; federal relief delayed. • rural and working-class frustration grows, with localized protests against both state and federal governments. • cyberattacks or hacking threats to state infrastructure increase amid anti-government activism. • police morale and staffing shortages worsen in high-conflict zones. february–march 2026: fragmentation & institutional erosion • sustained unrest becomes normalized in certain cities; protest fatigue met with radicalization in fringes. • voter trust in all branches of government drops below 25%, lowest in modern history. • recession continues, but recovery delayed by unrest, instability, and low global confidence. • militia groups, separatist rhetoric, and conspiracy movements gain traction, pushing disinformation. • calls grow for a national unity response, but partisan deadlock remains. this is a highly pessimistic scenario, but it’s modeled on how prolonged economic distress and leadership vacuums historically create conditions for widespread unrest—seen in the 1930s, 1960s, and at moments during the covid-19 pandemic.
trump advocates end to quarterly earnings reports president donald trump floated the idea monday of companies no longer providing earnings report on a quarterly basis and switching to semiannual instead. in a truth social post, trump said the idea is “subject to sec approval” and would “save money, and allow managers to focus on properly running their companies.” “did you ever hear the statement that, ‘china has a 50 to 100 year view on management of a company, whereas we run our companies on a quarterly basis??? not good!!!’” trump said. the wisdom of quarterly reports has come under question before. in a 2018 op-ed piece for the wall street journal, berkshire hathaway’s warren buffett and jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon advocated doing away with quarterly guidance, though not earnings reports. “in our experience, quarterly earnings guidance often leads to an unhealthy focus on short-term profits at the expense of long-term strategy, growth and sustainability,” the pair wrote. current regulations require companies to report earnings on a quarterly basis, though providing forecasts is voluntary. the rules can be changed either from the securities and exchange commission or could be altered by congress. supporters of the current system say it provides investors with timely opportunity as well as transparency about public companies. source: [
do not trust this market bounce yeah, futures are up, and it's probably going to continue to be volatile in the short term, but remember, we have not seen the worst of what is to come, not by a long shot markets priced in the tarrif news, and then, as nothing truly new came in(no immediate negative effects) it's bouncing a little. half thr country supports trump, and if they see no bad news they will be buying the dip. then probably thursday, if the tarrifs stay at their current level we will probably dip again, then we will partially stabilize and go up a little again. and then we will start to see the negative effects of tarrifs come in and the negative effect of the american brand being thrown in thr trash come summer, higher prices will be seen, places that rely on tourism will be getting hit hard, food prices will be going up like crazy, and companies will start to suffer. and all for this will happen when the american people have less money in their pocket, and less abilty to buy. and this will not be just for the summer, this will be a continous effect for as long as the tarrifs are up. and for probably a good while after be warned, most likely this is not over, things are not going back to the levels we saw before tariffs unless the trump admin reverses on a lot of things they said they will not reverse on, we will be in for some truly unprecedented times
due to the plummeting dollar, the markets are worse than they seem as it has been wildly reported, the us dollar is down 10% ytd, which means that stocks themselves are even less valuable. to help visualize it, look at this table: |index|1/2/2025|4/16/2025|change| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |**s&p 500**|$5,868.55|$5,275.7|\-10.10%| |**dow jones**|$42,392.27|$39,669.39|\-6.42%| |**nasdaq**|$19,280.79|$16,307.16|\-15.42%| it looks bad, but if we look at it in euros: |index|1/2/2025|4/16/2025|change| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |**s&p 500**|€5,692.49|€4,642.62|\-18.44%| |**dow jones**|€41,120.50|€34,909.06|\-15.11%| |**nasdaq**|€18,702.37|€14,350.30|\-23.27%| it is worse if we look at in gold, a common destination for one fleeing the dollar: |index|1/2/2025 (oz)|4/16/2025 (oz)|change| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |**s&p 500**|2.209|1.573|\-28.77%| |**dow jones**|15.954|11.829|\-25.85%| |**nasdaq**|7.256|4.862|\-32.98%| so what this mean? i have no idea. i am not a forex trader, but this isn't a great image for the stability of the us economy.
first chinese freight ship goods hit with trump's 145%-plus tariffs arriving at u.s. ports >the first chinese goods subject to president trump’s 145%-plus tariffs have begun arriving at the busiest ports in the u.s. in los angeles and long beach. >12,000 shipping containers in all are on the first flotilla of freight vessels from china with goods for amazon, home depot, ikea, ralph lauren, tractor supply, procter & gamble, lg, and samsung, among others. >president trump said on friday he might be willing to lower tariffs on china to 80%.
jay powell made it clear fed is not going to rescue markets [ jerome powell delivered a clear message to markets this week: i'm not coming to the rescue. the chair of the federal reserve [used an appearance at the economic club of chicago]( to say in no uncertain terms that investors shouldn't expect changes in interest rates anytime soon or any near-term intervention in the bond market following turmoil triggered by president trump's tariffs. the key moment came on wednesday when professor raghuram rajan of the university of chicago booth school of business asked powell if there was a "fed put" in the stock market. and powell couldn't have been more explicit: "i'm going to say no." markets are "struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility." but his view is that markets are "are functioning kind of as you would expect them to in a period of high uncertainty." that seemed to pour cold water on speculation that the fed might step in to restore some calm in the bond market if needed. the speculation ramped up last week as yields on long-term debt [soared]( prompting predictions the central bank would need to provide some liquidity as investors unwound positions. powell said those markets remain "orderly" and chalked up the recent turmoil to "markets processing a historically unique development." what also helped is that the bond market did settle back down this week, easing the pressure for immediate intervention. this week powell also disappointed investors — and a us president — hoping to hear signs he was ready to lower rates as a way of preventing a downturn or cushioning the inflationary effects of new tariffs. the central bank will "wait for greater clarity" before considering any interest rate adjustments, he said, as he expects trump's tariffs to generate higher inflation and slower growth. *read more:* [*how the fed rate decision affects your bank accounts, loans, credit cards, and investments*]( powell predicted a tough decision ahead for the fed as it weighs both sides of its mandate for stable prices and full employment, saying there is a "strong likelihood" that the economy will be moving away from both of the fed's goals for the "balance of the year, or at least not making much progress." if anything, powell went out of his way to hint he may give preference to controlling inflation, noting that without price stability, the fed cannot achieve a strong job market for a long period. and he made it clear he wasn't yet sure whether the inflationary effects from tariffs would be temporary or long-lasting. "tariffs are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation," he said, but "the inflationary effects could also be more persistent." powell also underscored the fed's obligation is to keep long-term inflation expectations well anchored and to prevent a one-time price increase associated with higher tariffs from becoming an ongoing inflation problem. all of this seemingly hit a nerve with the president, who spent much of thursday lashing out at powell on social media and during a press event in the oval office. "powell's termination cannot come fast enough!" the president wrote on truth social. trump said powell "is always too late and wrong" and should be cutting interest rates alongside other central banks. at the white house later on thursday, trump reiterated he was "not happy" with powell and that powell would leave his position "if i ask him to." the wall street journal reported thursday that trump has for months privately discussed firing powell, but he hasn’t made a final decision about whether to try to oust him before his term ends in may 2026. powell has shown no signs of blinking. on wednesday, he again reiterated the independence of his institution and his own job, saying it’s "a matter of law," and pledged not to act in response to any political pressure.
cnbc: trade war fallout - cancellations of chinese freight ships begin as bookings plummet key points the number of canceled sailings of freight vessels out of china is picking up as ocean carriers attempt to manage a pullback in orders due to the trade war and tariffs. a steep decline in containers being shipped to the u.s. will have a big impact on the supply chain, from port to trucking, rail and warehouse economics. “we won’t go to zero containers, but we will see a decrease in containers and as a result, in the future we will see a massive raft of blank sailings announced,” one freight expert tells cnbc. the impact of the diminished freight container traffic to north america will be significant for many links in the economy and supply chain, including the ports and logistics companies moving the freight. if each sailing was carrying 8,000 to 10,000 teus (twenty-foot equivalent units), that would equal a decline in freight traffic of between 640,000-800,000 containers, and lead to decreased crane operations at the ports, lower fees that could be collected, and declines in container pick-ups and transports by trucks, rails, and to warehouses for storage. booking volumes from the last week of march to first week of april across global and u.s. trade lanes plummeted. there were sharp decreases in bookings across several categories, including apparel & accessories; and wool, fabrics & textiles, both down over 50%. major product categories from china that are moved in containers include apparel, toys, furniture, and sports equipment, all of which are subject to steep tariffs.
we aren't in the dot com bubble. we're in an anything but cash bubble. tech hype bubbles pop before most of retail screams overvalued. stocks aren't dropping because it isn't only hype keeping the market up. the most obvious indicator is that during the dot com bubble gold was at it's lowest in decades. money was too excited to be in anywhere other than internet stocks. right now gold is all-time high and still climbing quickly. so how do we explain a market that seems to go up every day centered around a few dominant industries? where some stocks maintain mind boggling valuations while everyone is calling bubble? **right now the rich are more scared of cash then a crash** this is due to a combination of usd devaluation through policy (and global macro trends), sticky inflation due to the fed's hands being tied by immense national debt, and a chaotic administration. basically whether intentionally or not, the value of the usd from both sides (inflation + devluation) has collapsed. this is favourable for reducing national debt but means that cash is poison to hold. the result is no one with significant capital (retail, companies, and governments) wants to be invested in the market at these valuations, but staying in cash is a guaranteed loss. in scenarios like this, you either choose real assets (like gold or bitcoin - not traditionally real but equally scarce) or equities that seem poised for growth (ai). if you take a look at the sp500 outside of ai, you realize that growth is not very significant. non-growing equities don't perform well because if their earnings don't grow significantly, they also suffer from currency devaluation. **no one wants to be anywhere other than us equities.** for the past few years the chinese economy has slowed, the european economy mediocre, the japanese economy stagnant, and the russian economy in shatters. essentially when investors are forced to be in equities, they will always choose american first. people may not trust the usd or the government itself, but they do trust good old american capitalism and tech superiority. i’m aware global equities have performed well in comparison with the us economy in 2025 but what about the past 5 years or mag7? and yes at this point in the cycle there is some capital flight away from us due to the valuations but if america ever dips it’ll come right back. **in other words, this bull market, and especially the ai industry is so resilient because it's propped up by multiple reasons** it’s not solely ai being hyped over the moon or openai entangling itself with the entire tech industry. that alone does not create the market we’re in. we are in a triple bull market. now don't ask me when the music will stop. i don't know. although as long as us equities remain the best companies on the planet, cash continues to feel unsafe, ai keeps sparking wild expectations about the future, and global economies (not just looking at 2025 performance) remain relatively weak, i would not be surprised if a significant crash is unlikely. conversely if any of this starts to change, it may be worth watching.
tesla stock is tumbling. blame byd > the chinese automaker backed by warren buffett's berkshire hathaway announced it's rolling out new autonomous driving capabilities on all models something to note - byd doesn't sell cars in the us so trump's tariffs has 0 impact on them. they also have the best selling electric cars in china and are growing their market in europe + latin america. and as the world sours on america, american products (including cars), and tesla - they can even gain from trump's decrees. it has gone up by 25% since trump came into office.
alphabet tops $100 billion quarterly revenue for first time, cloud grows 34% alphabet reported third-quarter earnings on wednesday after the bell. here’s how the company did, compared with estimates from analysts polled by lseg: * **revenue:** $102.35 billion vs. $99.89 billion adj. estimated * **earnings per share:** $2.87 not immediately comparable wall street is also watching several other numbers in the report: * **youtube advertising revenue**: $10.26 billion vs. $10.01 billion, according to streetaccount * **google cloud revenue:** $15.15 billion vs. $14.74 billion, according to streetaccount * **traffic acquisition costs (tac)**: $14.87 billion billion vs. $14.82 billion, according to streetaccount source: [
regulators recall nearly all cybertrucks due to panel consistently falling off "u.s. safety regulators on thursday recalled virtually all cybertrucks on the road, the eighth recall of the tesla-made vehicles since deliveries to customers began just over a year ago. the national highway traffic safety administration’s recall, which covers more than 46,000 cybertrucks, warned that an exterior panel that runs along the left and right sight of the windshield can detach while driving, creating a dangerous road hazard for other drivers, increasing the risk of a crash. the stainless steel strip, called a cant rail assembly, between the windshield and the roof on both sides, is bound to the truck’s assembly with a structural adhesive, the nhtsa report said. the remedy uses an adhesive that’s not been found to be vulnerable to “environmental embrittlement,” the nhtsa said, and includes additional reinforcements." ap story:
stock futures jump after u.s. trade court rules trump’s ‘liberation day’ tariffs are illegal source: [ tariffs imposed by president donald trump under legislation designed for emergencies exceed his authority, the u.s. court of international trade ruled wednesday. “the challenged tariff orders will be vacated and their operation permanently enjoined,” the court said. sp500 futures +1.4% nasdaq 100 futures +1.6%
tariffs, doge and columbia — the market will crash because trumpism is not capitalism there is a lot of talk, in this subreddit and just about everywhere, about how the tariffs are going to affect stock prices. i think the bigger factor is that trumpism is not capitalism. this government has asserted its right to cancel contracts and grants, and the right to use all means at its disposal to impose policy on non-government entities. one example: nih grants have been canceled because they were interpreted (apparently by someone who probably did not even read them, and certainly doesn’t understand them) as being no longer in line with the priorities of this government. these are multimillion dollar projects on topics like cancer, autism and shingles. they were funded after a careful competitive review by scientists, and they were stopped after much of the money was spent. it’s half-finished bridges. you can no doubt provide many examples yourself. if you can’t, ask in the comments. my point here is that under trumpism the government will abandon contracts at will, and will use the threat of cancellation to micromanage state and local government, and corporations. the cases of columbia and maine illustrate that this government has replaced the rule of law with rule by one man. in both cases, trump asserted the right to dictate policy normally left to the university (regarding the limits of free speech on campus) or to the state (regarding trans-gender athletes), and found ways to enforce that. i don’t yet know of a case where this government directly managed a company, but i’m sure it will come; he has the tools (the threat of cancellation of government contracts, or exemptions from tariffs, to name two). the threat of arbitrary and capricious directives from this government, coupled with the inability to rely on contracts being honored, is going to destroy profits. milton friedman, the famed chicago school economist, argued that democracy, economic freedom and the rule of law are essential for prosperity. we no longer have those things. let me give you three examples. i have significant holdings in mrna, moderna. their mrna technology allows the rapid development of custom drugs, not only vaccines, but drugs to treat cancer and many other diseases. they demonstrated that they can deliver during the covid-19 pandemic, and many estimates hold that rna vaccines saved over 10 million lives. this is a great american company, and it should be ascendent, but its stock price is currently beaten down by the reasonable expectation of politically based resistance to mrna vaccines from the trump administration. tsla was one of last year’s magnificent seven and rose even higher when trump was elected because of the expectation that the ceo elon musk’s close personal relationship with the president would pay off. now, it has fallen along with musk’s popularity. people realize that doge found precious little waste and fraud but compromised many valued functions of government. to my point here, the value of tsla stock is entirely dependent on trump’s continued favor. if there are many government contracts, it will probably recover. if there is a falling out after trump finally finds it necessary to blame musk for the obvious problems with doge, then it will not. in either case, this is not a free market. finally, i want to mention boeing. trump personally announced on friday that boeing had been selected to build the f-47 jet fighter, a contract potentially worth $50 billion. so far so good, but he’s making it clear that he decides. i expect this contract to specify everything from who boeing can purchase parts from, to dei policies, to whether someone given the name charles at birth can go by chuck. trumpism is government regulation on steroids.
skype to shut 14 years after microsoft’s $8.5 billion purchase >microsoft corp. is signaling the end of the line for skype, the iconic internet calling and chat service it bought almost 14 years ago. >once a byword for digital calls that bypassed long-distance charges, skype was surpassed in recent years by smartphone-native communication apps and zoom video calls. when microsoft tried to stretch the skype brand into the workplace, it lost out to slack technologies inc. >microsoft’s response was to start from scratch and build teams, a chat, voice and video communication service for the workplace, which gained ground as part of its software bundle. the redmond, washington-based company will offer skype users the option of migrating to teams, which is now its strongest rival to salesforce inc.-owned slack, before it shuts down in may. >“i’ve been at microsoft for over 30 years, and there’s a lot of software that we’ve done that was incredibly valuable in its era, and then the next era came and it was the foundation,” said jeff teper, a microsoft president who oversees communications and collaboration tools. >microsoft said there were more than 300 million monthly skype users in 2016, but its daily user count had dwindled to 36 million in 2023. teams, by comparison, has risen to 320 million monthly users. >founded in 2003 by nordic entrepreneurs, skype at one time was owned by ebay inc. and was in the hands of a private equity-led consortium when steve ballmer came knocking. the then-microsoft boss made an uncharacteristically splashy bet on the market leader in online calls, paying $8.5 billion, a 40% premium to skype’s internal valuation. the may 2011 deal was the largest acquisition by microsoft at the time, and skype became a key piece of its strategy for the emerging mobile age. >it didn’t pan out as ballmer would have hoped. upstarts like telegram, snapchat, wechat and whatsapp solved problems that skype didn’t. microsoft’s center of gravity in corporate software ultimately ensnared skype, which found itself in the office division and under orders to build tools geared toward a workplace audience as well as a consumer one. >by the time slack arrived on the scene, skype users were complaining that elements of the core experience had started to break down. they cited missed or phantom calls and failures to sync information on different devices. the company worked to improve the service’s reliability, but some loyal users were put off by frequent redesigns, including a short-lived effort to fashion skype in the mold of snapchat. >microsoft, which also saw its acquisition of nokia oyj’s mobile phone business end in failure, is far from alone in encountering rejection by a fickle consumer market. alphabet inc.’s google has cycled through several iterations and brands for its online communications tools, which are today known as chat and meet. and this month, amazon.com inc. said it would be winding down chime, the video and voice calling service it tried with little success to sell to corporate clients. >the windows maker is shuttering skype to focus on developing new features for teams, including artificial intelligence tools, teper said. the company is working to infuse ai into its product suite, while keeping a lid on spending that isn’t part of that effort. it’s reassigning staff that had worked on skype to other areas of the business and will not lay anyone off, teper added. >at one point, skype played host to one of microsoft’s biggest ai demonstrations: a real-time translator. chief executive officer satya nadella had nudged researchers to bring the product to market as quickly as possible and heralded it as “magical” in a 2014 demonstration early on in his tenure. >teams is “going well and this is a step to double down on it,” teper said, adding that microsoft wanted to keep skype running until it was confident that the teams version for individual users was fully ready. “it’s the most successful product in its category by far,” he said. link: [ **my take:** thank god. zm might stand to be a major benefactor from this. msft already has teams that serves as a workplace call tool, but skype has tried to expand into the workplace forum space (like slack) and has failed. msft is citing this more as a doubling-down on teams rather than admitting zm has eaten their lunch here.
make it make sense tesla is up 9% today because of robotaxi news and "red tape going away" which benefits them (and google). meanwhile, google just smashed earnings and has a ton of profitable, existing products, and the stock looks like it's going to be red after that news. make it make sense.
so trump played art of the deal against jensen huang? what happened (chronological order): [trump administration backs off nvidia's 'h20' chip crackdown after mar-a-lago dinner]( [nvidia aims to build $500 billion worth of ai servers in the usa by 2029]( [nvidia warns trump curbs on china ai chips to cost $5.5 billion]( jensen spent $1 million for a dinner at mar-a-lago and promised that he would produce chips in the us in exchange for h20 export to china and trump agreed. then yesterday nvidia announced the production plan. today, trump banned h20 export to china. nvidia stocks were pumped and dumped. trump won all rounds against jensen and made money in stocks.
us dollar dropping from mid-january to april 21, 2025, the u.s. dollar index (dxy) dropped approximately 10.8%, falling from around 110.17 to 98.28. as far as i can see this is the largest four month decline in the entire history of the dxy since its creation in 1973. it even passes out the post-plaza accord drop, which was intentional and coordinated. keep in context that this is exactly a four month timeframe, but to be far that’s also because that’s literal present timeframe we have so far. jan–apr 2025 ~10.8% - trump’s tariffs and political pressure on the fed, global de-dollarization concerns. jul–nov 1985 ~10.2% - post-plaza accord (u.s. and allies coordinated to weaken the dollar) sep 2000–jan 2001 ~ 9.6% - start of dot-com crash; capital fleeing u.s. tech bubble apr–aug 2008 ~ 8.8% - global financial crisis buildup; fed rate cuts and recession fears. apr–jul 2020 ~ 4.1% - covid-19 stimulus surge; fear of inflation and dovish fed. we are in unprecedented times. so the question is “now what?” “what comes next?” in economics you always have to think about what comes after.
trump delays 50% tariffs on eu to july 9 >president donald trump said sunday that he agreed to an extension on the 50% tariffs on the european union until july 9. >“i received a call today from ursula von der leyen, president of the european commission, requesting an extension on the june 1st deadline on the 50% tariff with respect to trade and the european union,” trump wrote on truth social. >“i agreed to the extension — july 9, 2025 — it was my privilege to do so,” he added. >trump’s post came after von der leyen said that she had a “good call” with trump, but needed until july 9 to “reach a good deal.” >“the eu and us share the world’s most consequential and close trade relationship,” she wrote on x. >“europe is ready to advance talks swiftly and decisively,” she continued. >the extension comes after trump last week suggested a “straight 50% tariff” on the eu, saying that the 27-nation bloc “has been very difficult to deal with.” >“our discussions with them are going nowhere!” trump wrote friday on truth social. >he later said that he was not planning to strike a deal with the eu before june 1, when tariffs were initially set to go into effect. > of course lol
trump open to tariff cuts in return for ‘phenomenal’ offers on april 3, 2025, president donald trump indicated a willingness to reduce tariffs if other nations offer “something phenomenal” in return, suggesting openness to negotiations despite recent tariff implementations. speaking aboard air force one, he defended the tariff strategy, asserting that the economic turbulence would settle and expressing satisfaction with falling interest rates. this stance follows the administration’s imposition of a 10% minimum tariff on all u.s. trading partners, with higher rates for specific countries, aiming to address perceived trade imbalances.
we're entering a system where disciplined savers get left behind back in 2009 during the global financial crisis, u.s. printed an insane amount of money and somehow managed to get through it. when covid hit, solution was massive money printing again. and it worked. markets bounced back, the system didn’t collapse. now it feels like every crisis just leads to the same response: **printing more money.** it’s become a habit. a learned behavior. and honestly, the u.s. doesn’t even *pretend* to care about paying down its national debt anymore. they just keep rolling it over,, kick the can down the road. even this whole push for stablecoins feels like another version of **passing the burden forward** like a digital shell game to absorb more u.s. debt while buying time. but at the end of the day, who pays for all this? **ordinary people who save money.** people who saves consistently through diligently and honestly everyday are getting crushed. just sitting still means your money loses value every year. in a world of reckless money printing and wild inflation, the only real defense is **owning assets.** index funds, big tech stocks, gold, crypto, real estate basically **anything they can’t print into oblivion.** the gap between fiat currency and real assets is only going to get more extreme. and if someone's holding cash, he or she is already falling behind. i love investment but i don't know this situation is sane.
my 8yo is destroying my returns and beating the s&p four years ago my 4yo daughter (now 8yo) started her ugma account with just $200 and added $50/month. today her account is worth $4,535.56, up +44.97% overall with an unrealized gain of +$1,390.97. here’s how her top positions look right now: • nvda – +$383.51 (+929.05%) • nflx – +$418.00 (+458.53%) • cat – +$46.53 (+88.01%) • goog – +$274.54 (+83.55%) • aapl – +$59.88 (+79.60%) • mar – +$39.44 (+75.69%) • amzn – +$75.66 (+66.14%) • tsla – +$34.91 (+46.69%) • k (kellogg) – +$19.03 (+38.07%) for context, if she had just put the same money into the s&p 500, her account would be worth about $4,320 meaning she’s outperforming the index by roughly +5%. even better, she’s beating me too since my own portfolio is about 2% below the index, she’s actually ahead of me by about +7%. my other daughter (5yo) who started hers a year ago with $200 initial and $50/mo is outperforming the index by 4% as well. i give up. i’m hiring them to manage my accounts. edit: hilarious to me that this got flagged as misleading or unverified. i literally tried to post the image of the account with the same info above but this sub wouldn’t let me attach images.
trump says he is about to raise tariffs as high as 70% on some countries [ >trump early friday at joint base andrews told reporters that he would notify 10 to 12 nations a day over the course of the next five days, detailing their new tariffs in letters that the white house would begin sending on friday. in most cases, the new rates would go into effect august 1, trump said. > “they’ll range in value from maybe 60% or 70% tariffs to 10% and 20% tariffs, but they’re going to be starting to go out sometime tomorrow,” trump said. “we’ve done the final form, and it’s basically going to explain what the countries are going to be paying in tariffs.” >trump said he expected the letters to be delivered by the administration’s self-imposed july 9 deadline to draft deals. the administration has said at times that its timeframe was flexible for countries that make a good-faith effort to negotiate with the united states. >"they’ll start to pay on august 1. the money will start to come into the united states on august 1, in pretty much all cases,” trump said. taco or no? he might not even have decided yet. logic says expect some red on monday, but there's plenty of time til then... s&p futures down ~0.7% as of 9:15 et
it doesn't matter if all tariffs are cut to zero sure, the market will moon for a day. but the international boycotts of american products have already begun. c-suite execs won't suddenly restart capex spending plans based upon the assurance of a social media post rescinding tariffs. trading partners might just keep their own retaliatory tariffs in place for leverage in future negotiations, sensing the weakness inherent in rolling back our tariffs to zero. usd/chf is back to its 2011 low as foreigners seek a safer currency. foreign tourism to the us has [already dropped]( and is unlikely to rebound for years, and q2 and q3 should be rough for us hospitality and travel industries. it doesn't matter if all tariffs are cut to zero because investors will put no surety in that announcement, and foreign investors and governments have already started to react.
ford ceo says buyers won’t pay $75k for evs, targets $30k models to rival byd and move out of tesla’s shadow no paywall: [ >ford (f) ceo jim farley says us buyers aren't interested in $75,000 electric vehicles and the automaker doesn't want to keep living in tesla's (tsla) shadow. >"we've learned ... people are not willing to pay \[a\] $30,000 premium for that big battery on a \[$50,000\], $60,000 utility," farley told yahoo finance at ford's pro accelerate conference in detroit, mich. "but they're willing to buy a $30,000 ev if they save $2,000 a year compared to gas costs." >farley's comments underscore the challenges ford faces as it pushes further into evs. while global ev demand grows, price sensitivity is shaping which models will succeed.
michael burry launches $379 annual subscription newsletter to lay out his ai bubble views after deregistering hedge fund > michael burry, the investor who shot to fame for calling the housing crash before 2008, has launched a substack newsletter after deregistering his hedge fund, aiming to lay out in detail his increasingly bearish thesis on artificial intelligence. “the big short” investor is capitalizing on the massive audience he’s built on x, where 1.6 million followers have long parsed his cryptic posts. his new publication, titled “cassandra unchained” with a $379 annual subscription fee, arrives with a familiar warning: he believes markets are once again deep in bubble territory. > in announcing the launch, burry referenced the parallels between the late 1990s tech mania and today’s rush into ai and how the bubbles have been ignored by policymakers, in his view. ′′feb 21, 2000: sf chronicle says i’m short amazon. greenspan 2005: ‘bubble in home prices ... does not appear likely.’ [fed chair jerome] powell ’25: ’ai companies actually... are profitable... it’s a different thing. ’i doubted if i ever should come back. i’m back. please join me,” burry wrote in a post sunday night on x. he highlighted then-fed chair alan greenspan’s 2005 insistence that u.s. housing prices showed no signs of a bubble, just two years before the subprime implosion validated burry’s famous “big short.” and now he contends history is rhyming again. > like the dot-com era, investors are extrapolating exponential growth, dismissing profitability concerns and funding massive capital expenditures on the assumption that the technology will rewrite the economy, he believes. burry took it as an eerie echo of the assurances offered by greenspan two decades ago. at the height of the dot-com boom, burry was publicly short amazon. today, he has been openly bearish on the poster children of the ai boom, nvidia and palantir
what is china’s deepseek and why is it freaking out the ai world? what is china’s deepseek and why is it freaking out the ai world? deepseek, an ai startup just over a year old, stirred awe and consternation in silicon valley with its breakthrough artificial intelligence model that offered comparable performance to the world’s best chatbots at seemingly a fraction of the cost. created in china’s hangzhou, deepseek carries far-reaching implications for the global tech industry and supply chain, offering a counterpoint to the widespread belief that the future of ai will require ever-increasing amounts of power and energy to develop.
many of you haven’t lived through a true bear market and it shows hell, maybe not even a bear market but a few years of flatness/minimal growth too. since 2020 we’ve had multiple swings in either direction and it appears that many have become accustomed to that. there’s nothing wrong with having 2-3 red days or a correction; one could argue that a correction is due anyways. it’s completely normal, and your portfolio will weather it out in the long run.
stocks are going up today because world's richest person bought his own stock! it is becoming a self full-filling setup. mr. musk buys $1b worth of tsla stock, which he is employed with, earned that $1b from tsla, and will get $1b performance pay from tsla. so, the same money is circulated. earlier orcl and top few companies teamed up to buy/sell among each other to boost their own stock evaluations. it is circular cash flow with in the top few companies. the result was an unbelievable 2 hour boost of 35%+ to a billion dollar company! since we have more information now a days than what it was 50 years ago (it was via news papers only), this type of sudden move is insane. is there any precedence to this situation and what to expect in the stock investment near-term and long-term?
trump media files to create etfs using the truth.fi name and awards 1mm stock to key cabinet members djt filed to create etfs tracking bitcoin and different us sectors (manufacturing etc.) - no paywall - they also gave key cabinet members like kash patel (next fbi director) and linda mcmahon (secretary of education) - (no paywall -
ups cuts 48,000 jobs in management and operations > united parcel service said it has reduced its management workforce by about 14,000 positions so far this year and its operational workforce by 34,000 positions. > the company disclosed the workforce reductions for 2025, which were a combination of layoffs and buyouts, in an earnings statement to investors and analysts.
trump's japan tariffs actually harm us auto companies, like $f and $gm. "now, the trump administration is touting a deal that will apply a 15 percent tariff on cars imported from japan (technically, it's a new 12.5 percent car-specific tariff on top of a 2.5 percent existing tariff on japanese cars). in other words, it will be cheaper to import finished cars from japan than it will be to import the steel, aluminum, and other parts necessary to build cars in the united states." this would be hysterical, if it wasn't so sad and destructive. i don't understand how this administration thinks people won't notice the price hikes. certainly doesn't bode well for rs in the midterms. meanwhile, if you own f or gm, you are probably going to have a hard time for the forseeable future.
the trump administration vs. jerome powell markets are sketchy, rates and tariffs are sticky, powell’s being hunted by trump administration... it seems that trump is adamant on sticking it to xi and waiting for his phone to ring, which we all know is not happening now that they stopped rare metal exports to the us. even trump knows this, as he's scraping the seabed hoping to find some metal deposits. in my opinion, jerome will also not be dovish to trump wanting lower rates, and will solely rely on the data. he doesn't care he's being hunted down. also, to make this even worse, cpi will not come back good. the dollar index will continue to fall, exacerbated by china and other countries dumping us bonds. currency devalue + tariffs will cause import costs to go up and push the cost onto the consumers, further raising cpi. it's a never-ending cycle. jerome will not be able to cut rates this year and i don't predict we see any serious rate cuts until trump can force one of his wwe goonies into the hot seat at the fed on may 15th 2026. good luck everyone, shit is about to get real...
sunday futures plunge as trumps tariffs weigh
volvo to cut up to 800 us jobs as trump's tariffs bite [ new york (reuters) - volvo group plans to lay off as many as 800 workers at three u.s. facilities over the next three months due to market uncertainty and demand concerns in the face of president donald trump's tariffs, a spokesperson said on friday. volvo group north america said in a statement it has told employees it plans to lay off 550-800 people at its mack trucks site in macungie, pennsylvania, and two volvo group facilities in dublin, virginia, and hagerstown, maryland. the company, part of sweden's ab volvo, employs nearly 20,000 people in north america, according to its website. trump has upended the global trading system that has been in place for over 75 years with a plan for tariffs on products from across the world. his vacillating trade policy has undermined consumer and business confidence, and caused economists to raise their forecasts for a u.s. recession. volvo group's lay-offs are the latest response from a car and truck industry that is reeling from the republican president's tariffs on certain parts, which is expected to increase the cost of manufacturing vehicles. "heavy-duty truck orders continue to be negatively affected by market uncertainty about freight rates and demand, possible regulatory changes, and the impact of tariffs," a spokesperson for volvo group north america said in an emailed statement. "we regret having to take this action, but we need to align production with reduced demand for our vehicles."
trump trade war update: firm predicts 'empty shelves' and recession by june key points asset management firm apollo global management (apo) forecasts trucking demand stopping in about a month resulting in empty shelves and a recession this summer as president donald trump's trade war policies are bringing about changes in global shipping not seen since the coronavirus pandemic, with ocean carriers readying for significantly reduced demand, according to analysts and observers. specifically in focus: u.s. trade with china, amid the back and forth over tariffs and possible deals. the uncertainty has led to a decrease in shipping volumes from china to north america, with cancellations currently at 50%, according to global logistics firm flexport. trump announced his "liberation day" tariffs on april 2 and it takes about 20-40 days for container ships to sail to the u.s. from china, according to apollo. slok estimates that container ships coming to u.s. ports could come to a stop by mid may. it then takes about 1-10 days of transit time for trucking/rail to bring goods from the ports to cities. apollo global management predicts that by late may domestic freight demand will "come to a halt" and that there will be "empty shelves" with companies responding "to lower sales." by early june, slok forecasts there will be layoffs in the domestic freight and retail industries with a recession hitting the u.s. this summer.
the us economy is in trouble and i’m going to double down on puts tomorrow. i work at a big name casino and have noticed over the past 2 months volume is off a lot from last year. i also find myself unintentionally cutting back on my spending. today, me and my girlfriend wanted to go pick up something to eat and thought twice about it and just decided to stay in and have some leftovers from yesterday. i think even at a subconscious level people are cutting back because they’re afraid of what will happen in the near future. i’ve been bearish but now i’m thinking to double down on all of my put positions. might be headed into stagnation really soon.
why is tesla stocks not collapsing? (genuine question) hi everyone, i hope some of you can shed light on this question. i’m really curious why and how tesla stock continues to hold its value, given that the company’s sales are relatively low right now and its growth seems slower than expected. it also appears that the cybertruck launch didn’t go as planned, and elon’s increasingly controversial presence might not be the best for the company, since he’s such a key part of its marketing. am i missing something here? is there something i’m overlooking? (just to clarify, this isn’t coming from a political standpoint, i’m genuinely curious.)
byd jumps to record after unveiling 5-minute ev battery byd co. shares jumped to an intra-day record after unveiling a line-up of electric vehicles supported by ultra fast-charging that the chinese automaker says will allow them to charge almost as fast as it takes to refuel a regular car. byd’s new battery and charging system was capable of providing around 400 kilometers (249 miles) of range in 5 minutes in tests on its new han l sedan, chairman and founder wang chuanfu said monday. the manufacturer will start selling vehicles with the new technology next month.
is trump purposely trying to get countries to dump us treasury notes? after seeing the news today about t notes being sold at a discount it got me wondering. i don't know enough about the national debt and deficit and treasuries and all of that but it seems to me perhaps he's purposely trying to make our debt to other countries disappear at a discount. somebody help me in this logic and what would the ramifications be? we're talking about a businessman who has declared bankruptcy multiple times and still walked out as a billionaire. is he trying to do something similar with the us economy? i wouldn't think that you could draw similarities between the two since we are capable of printing as much money as we like unlike a private business owner. what are your thoughts? pardon my ignorance on this subject i just don't really know if it's possible or if it would even have any upsides or what the downsides would be? if it matters to anybody i have never voted for trump. i'm just trying to make sense of the madness because it only makes sense to me that there is some ulterior motive if this tariff policy makes no sense and how tariffs should or are normally imposed.
president donald trump says he’ll ‘demand that interest rates drop immediately’ thoughts? fed independence? this changes things quite a bit i think. if president can wrestle fed to start dictating policy, i think this changes the game considerably. it has been knows that past presidents tried in a way to influence the fed but this is done now openly?
tesla risks losing ceo musk if $1 trillion pay package isn’t approved, board chair says tesla board chair robyn denholm, in a letter monday, asked shareholders to vote for ceo elon musk’s nearly $1 trillion pay package ahead of the company’s annual meeting. denholm said musk was key to the future of the ev maker as it moves beyond being “just another car company,” with a bigger focus on full self driving and optimus. “without elon, tesla could lose significant value, as our company may no longer be valued for what we aim to become,” denholm wrote. denholm told cnbc’s “squawk box” on monday that the company is at an “important inflection point” with artificial intelligence at the forefront. “the opportunity for tesla in the future, given this ai focus and attention and the unique capabilities that we have as an organization, and that elon brings to us, really does mean that the opportunity for the company ahead of us is significant,” she said. several groups have publicly opposed the pay package in recent days, with proxy advisor institutional shareholder services recommending against it. last week, a group of unions and corporate watchdogs launched the take back tesla website to oppose the pay package, noting musk’s embracing of right-wing political movements and amplifying of conspiracy theories that have damaged the brand. tesla’s annual meeting is nov. 6, with the shareholder vote for musk’s pay and other proposals closing at 11:59 p.m. et on nov. 5. tesla reported third-quarter financials last week, missing earnings expectations but posting a 12% increase in revenue after two straight periods of declines. the proposed plan for musk, which was outlined by the board in september, consists of 12 tranches of shares granted to musk if tesla hits certain milestones. it would also give musk increased voting power over the company, which he has publicly demanded for the past year and mentioned again on tesla’s earnings call last week in reference to the growth of optimus robots. “if we build this robot army, do i have at least a strong influence over that robot army?” musk said to analysts. “i don’t feel comfortable building that robot army if i don’t have at least a strong influence.” the full award would give musk, who already holds about 13% of the ev maker, more than 423 million additional shares and take his stake to about 25%. “he’s been very consistent in that view, in terms of having enough influence over the vote of tesla in the future so that bad things can’t happen with the ai,” denholm told cnbc. “so it’s less about compensation and more about the voting influence.” denholm, who noted that retail traders make up about 30% of tesla’s shareholder base, said last year was a record turnout for the vote. she also asked that shareholders vote to re-elect ira ehrenpreis, joe gebbia and kathleen wilson-thompson to the board. source: [
china rejects trump’s proposals for calls between leaders and foreign ministers. source: according to the wall street journal, president donald trump recently expressed his desire to speak directly by phone with chairman xi jinping, and the u.s. government also proposed a call between chinese foreign minister wang yi and u.s. secretary of state marco rubio, but the chinese side reportedly declined both offers. _____________________________________________________ i remain highly skeptical of anything trump says unless independently confirmed by the other party. as it stands, u.s.-china trade negotiations appear to have made little substantive progress.
this is a classic short squeeze pattern and i'm surprised no one is talking about it. it seems that very, very few people are seeing this for what it is: a *market-scale* short squeeze. 1. the market was well on its way to entering bear country, and a lot of short positions are sure to follow, particularly with firms that stand to lose the most with tariffs, such as aapl. 2. trump posts that "now is a great time to buy," prompting retail investors to flood the markets with purchase orders in advance of an expected announcement, driving up prices and making those with short positions nervous. 3. the announcement actually happens, prompting even more retail investors to buy any large cap stock that sounds reliable (despite having done no prior analysis or thinking). this drives up prices even higher. 4. short sellers begin exiting their positions and buying more, driving up prices on everything, including those that would be expected to continue losing amid the china tariffs, such as aapl. 5. boom, near-record "gains" market-wide, even on stocks that should still be losing, confusing everyone. 6. the next day, those who took long positions exit to capitalize on their gains, resulting in a return to fair market value. this was a disaster for a lot of people. short sellers lost their collective asses yesterday. it was still a massive loss for investors overall. my opinion (not financial advice): i'd be selling any position i didn't enter for the long term and exiting this market until calmer seas prevail. this president has no idea what effects his words have on markets, and is causing havoc that he's not even aware of. he *thinks* yesterday was a huge win, but in actuality it was a bloodbath for a lot of people. this was one of the biggest, if not the biggest short squeeze in history.
trump and xi held a call today - initiated by trump in latest news trump initiated a call with xi today and talked about tariffs. it has been reported in the chinese state media too. though taco has become a term to heckle trump on his tariffs reversals, this definitely seems like he is desperate. and since he has not posted on his beloved truth platform yet about this call i feel he has had no major inroads in the discussion with xi. traders have not taken the call positively and the day is bouncing between low positive and negative changes. **the market can bounce back later in the day as other variables (employment etc) are also in play.** or on the other hand the **market is now tired of swinging on rumors** (even if it directly from the mouth of trump) without valid direction. taco thursday as many commenters point out - i believe by the end of 90 days pause every day will be a taco day!! [ edit- here comes the **post from truth social** \- nothing concrete - initial few minutes had s and p 500 swing 0.2%. also the delay in his post - almost 3 hours after the call could also mean he was scolded/warned to control his rhetoric on social media and it thus has translated into a uncommonly decently worded update most likely even **heavily moderated** for language by china for all we know - **nothing burger** with a concepts of a plan of a location of a meeting- nothing concrete as it doesn’t say who from china will represent china - which means trump already had names prepped and china most likely said we will decide and tell you later) **i just concluded a very good phone call with president xi, of china, discussing some of the intricacies of our recently made, and agreed to, trade deal. the call lasted approximately one and a half hours, and resulted in a very positive conclusion for both countries. there should no longer be any questions respecting the complexity of rare earth products. our respective teams will be meeting shortly at a location to be determined. we will be represented by secretary of the treasury scott bessent, secretary of commerce howard lutnick, and united states trade representative, ambassador jamieson greer. during the conversation, president xi graciously invited the first lady and me to visit china, and i reciprocated. as presidents of two great nations, this is something that we both look forward to doing. the conversation was focused almost entirely on trade. nothing was discussed concerning russia/ukraine, or iran. we will inform the media as to scheduling and location of the soon to be meeting. thank you for your attention to this matter!**
trump says any country that buys oil from iran will not be allowed to do business with u.s. president donald trump said thursday any country or person that buys oil or petrochemicals from iran will not be allowed to do any business with the u.s. u.s. crude oil futures rose $1.03, or 1.77%, to close at $59.24 per barrel, while global benchmark brent gained $1.07, or 1.75%, to settle at $62.13. iran is one of the biggest oil producers in opec. “any country or person who buys any amount of oil or petrochemicals from iran will be subject to, immediately, secondary sanctions,” trump said in a post on his social media platform truth social. “they will not be allowed to do business with the united states of america in any way, shape, or form.”
zuckerberg’s ai glasses live demo fails spectacularly at major tech event meta’s invested 100’s of billions of dollars in ai and can’t even create a product to give proper instructions for a recipe. yet we’re told to expect massive returns in the short term. i’m not buying it. ai will be great and dramatically affect our lives but we’re clearly still in the beginning stages. source:
trump says tariffs could go up over time > washington, march 7 (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said u.s. tariffs could go up over time but gave no other details, according to an excerpt of a fox business interview taped on thursday that aired on friday.
stocks tumble into correction as investors sour on trump he world’s most widely followed stock-market benchmark slid into a correction on thursday, a drop that underscores how the two-year-long bull market is running out of steam in the early days of the trump administration. the move stems from investors’ growing pessimism about the whipsawing policy pronouncements from washington over the past few weeks. on-again, off-again tariffs and mass layoffs of federal workers have fomented unease on wall street. on thursday, the s&p 500 fell 1.4 percent. after weeks of selling, the index is now down 10.1 percent from a peak that was reached less than one month ago and is in a correction — a wall street term for when an index falls 10 percent or more from its peak, and a line in the sand for investors worried about a sell-off gathering steam. other major indexes, including the russell 2000 and the tech-heavy nasdaq composite, had already fallen into correction before thursday. the deeper worry among investors is that uncertainty around the effects of mr. trump’s policies is causing consumers to spend less and discouraging businesses from investing. that reticence could, in turn, drive the economy into a downturn, forcing investors to re-evaluate company valuations. “i think what markets are telling us is that they are very concerned about the potential for a recession,” said kristina hooper, chief global market strategist at invesco. “that is certainly not what markets expected going into 2025.” so far, the administration has brushed off the market turmoil. scott bessent, secretary of the u.s. treasury, said on thursday that he was focused on the “real economy”, downplaying signals sent by business leaders and investors. “i’m not concerned about a little bit of volatility over three weeks,” he said. as stocks have been falling in recent weeks, the trump administration has emphasized that its economic policies are designed to promote job growth over the long term, but could cause some market turmoil in the near term. seema shah, chief global strategist at principal asset management, said the economy has already begun to be “negatively impacted.” the pain has been acutely felt among the behemoth tech companies that had driven the market higher in recent years but have since reversed course. the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index has fallen roughly 14 percent from its peak in december. the sell-off has also spread to other corners of the market, signaling broader concerns than simply a re-pricing of highly valued technology companies. the russell 2000 index of smaller companies, which are typically more exposed to the ups and downs of the economy, has fallen 18 percent from its peak in november, close to a fully fledged bear market, defined as a drop of 20 percent or more from its peak. sectors of the stock market exposed to tariffs, like food producers, have slumped. the effects are being felt on other companies, like airlines, that are worried about a pullback among consumers should the economy enter a downturn. “so far in 2025, the u.s. economy has only faced headwinds,” ms. shah said. on thursday, mr. trump threatened to impose 200 percent tariffs on european wine and champagne, one day after the european union announced retaliatory tariffs on imports of u.s. whiskey and several other american products. the president has already added tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, and a wide swath of products from china. the constantly moving goal posts have left investors so rattled that even recent good news about the economy hasn’t had a calming effect. on thursday, a report on weekly unemployment claims came in lower than expected. on wednesday, a better-than-expected reading of the consumer price index had briefly helped bolster stocks. investors are worried that tariffs, once in full effect, will push prices higher — hurting business and consumers. mr. trump’s immigration policies and firings of federal employees through the so-called department of government efficiency are also looming in the backdrop, as is the threat of an impending government shutdown. “the outlook for inflation depends more on tariffs, deportations and doge than the backward-looking data releases right now,” bill adams, chief economist for comerica bank, said on thursday.
trump media shares surge after announcing expansion into financial services including crypto and etfs trump media and technology group announced wednesday that it is expanding into financial services, including investment vehicles. shares of the truth social parent company, which trade under the ticker djt, jumped more than 15% in premarket trading. source:
why is stock market not tumbling after china raised tariffs? today china increased its tariffs to 125%. at this point, goods between the u.s. and china will cost so much that it's going to end virtually all trading between the two. that will be devastating and will increase inflation here, hurt many american companies that export to china, kill jobs, on and on. so why is today's news not hurting the stock market? it's actually up at the time i'm writing this. do folks anticipate that trump will back down and work a deal with china soon in light of this? is there something i'm missing? update: apparently there was both an optimistic jp morgan chase earnings report and optimistic inflation data (cpi) both released today that likely played a role.
when your ceo’s paycheck is the size of a country’s gdp so here’s the quick and *kind of insane* update on elon musk and tesla, inc.: * the board is asking shareholders to approve a pay package for musk that **could hit \~$878 billion to $1 trillion** yes, trillion with a “t”. * the catch? musk has to drive tesla’s market value up to \~$8.5 trillion, deliver 20 million cars, launch a million robots & robotaxis basically your wildest sci-fi business plan. * many investors and governance experts are *not* thrilled, they warn about dilution, “key person risk” and giving one guy unchecked power.
how will microsoft stock react to this news on monday morning - “trump demands microsoft immediately fire lisa monaco ...” lisa monaco is an executive at microsoft who served as deputy attorney general during the biden administration. “monaco has been shockingly hired as the president of global affairs for microsoft, in a very senior role with access to highly sensitive information. monaco’s having that kind of access is unacceptable, and cannot be allowed to stand,” trump wrote on social media. “she is a menace to u.s. national security, especially given the major contracts that microsoft has with the united states government.” full disclosure: microsoft is a significant part of my portfolio.
today i made $1m gains by selling my entire nvidia portfolio today marks perhaps my greatest investing milestone of all time! the short story is i bought $36,000 worth of nvidia over the course of 8 years. last year i told myself once my account breaks $1m profit, i will sell the entire position, lock in the gains, and have a hell of a story to share for life. well today nvidia hit a new all time high and i made that dream come true. below is a long version of how it all came to be: i first acquired nvidia back in feb 2017 and in a few lump sum purchases wound up with a total of 6,500 shares of nvda. my first purchase was for 1080 (in honor of my gtx 1080 i bought that year) and the share price at the time was a whopping $2.77! my total investment around this time was $4000. edit: i looked up the actual purchase numbers and the number of shares was actually 27 at $110 but since nvidia had split multiple times, the number shown in my report today was reflecting those splits. end of edit back in 2017 all the talk was about crypto mining and i naively thought nvidia was the way bitcoin would be mined forever so i bought into the mantra “during a gold rush, buy the company selling the shovels”. this was around the time btc hit $20,000 for the first time but it quickly collapsed and i was introduced into the volatility of the crypto world. but i still held my nvidia because i believed crypto was still at an early adoption stage. over the next few years i continued to buy small amounts of nvidia, in chunks of 100 shares here, 900 shares here, and eventually had 6,000 shares by 2019. the average cost of all of these were around $2-$8 in today’s value. 2019 is a significant milestone for me because i made a major life decision to move to puerto rico. this move was made for several reasons but one consideration is the 0% tax on capital gains from stock sales. i didn’t consider nvidia being the one stock to move for but one reason for selling the whole lot was to lock in the 0% capital gains today i remember somewhere around 2019-2020 starting to think that gpus and nvidia specifically weren’t going to be tied to crypto as much as it would be the hardware needed to power self driving cars. the hype around tesla was growing and crypto mining started moving away from personal computers and i learned gpus were falling out of favor for more powerful asic mining rigs. so my mentality moved from crypto to electric vehicles. keep in mind, i really didn’t know a lot about any of this and i view my nvidia convictions at the time more as luck looking back. then in 2020 the pandemic hit and we saw major sales of gpus for gaming, virtual reality, and supply chain disruption and of course massive inflation. stocks across the board were super volatile but in general things went bonkers in the tech sector. tesla was killing it and nvidia might have doubled during this time. it still had not gone parabolic yet but i still just kept holding onto my initial position. my portfolio wasn’t really moving in any major way yet and in early 2019 i was actually slightly negative in my total nvidia investment. then in 2023 we saw the first mainstream use cases for ai started popping up. i’m in the photography and videography world so i noticed how disruptive image and video creation would be as soon as it hit. all my colleagues were making images in midjourney when the majority of my non photo friends had no clue what ai image generation even was. it ballooned quickly and that’s when my mind set changed a third time. now nvidia was going to be needed for data centers and personal computers to power this new ai revolution. it wasn’t about crypto or self driving cars anymore, it was about perhaps the biggest innovation humanity has seen since the internet was launched and the iphone was revealed. seemingly overnight my portfolio was sky rocking. where just a few years prior, nvidia was in the red for me, it quickly started carving out a large portion of my portfolio. once a liability, nvidia now made up 10%, 20%, and 30% of my entire investment account and retirement funds. there were days when i would log in to see i had made $100,000 that day and a week later it would swing down -$105,000. it was pretty crazy to see a full year’s worth of income bouncing around day by day in my account. the temptation to sell had always been there since 2017 when i was up 20-100% but now i was up 4,000% and the temptation was even greater. every single one of my friends was telling me i had to take profits off the table. i wound up holding. the last major purchase i made was in july 2021. i bought 400 shares for $14 which at the time was 3-5x what i had bought previously. jump to june 2024 when nvidia hit an all time high of $130. my wife and i had just had our first child and my nvidia position was hovering around $800,000 in total gains. i knew i only had to make it to $160 per share to break the $1m mark and i told myself i would sell everything if that happened. of course the next month nvidia corrected pretty hard and the reality of hitting $160 didn’t seem possible until july 3rd 2025, nearly a year after i made my original decision to sell. i should have sold everything on july 3rd but i didn’t realize the trading day was shortened for the 4th of july holiday coming up. i also didn’t setup any automated sell triggers since i wanted to ceremoniously do the trade myself. it worked out in my favor as i was able to sell today at $163 and make a little more than the $1m cutoff i originally set to sell at. here are the raw numbers: total invested: $36,352 total sale: $1,059,591 total gains: $1,023,238 average cost per share: $5.60 time to materialize: 8 years and a lot of emotional rollercoasters! i know a lot of people get caught up in fancy investment options that feels more like gambling but hopefully this success story inspires those of you who are like me and just what to buy shares, hold them, and eventually offload them when the time seems right.
breaking: trump beginning to taco. thank you for your attention to this matter. the s&p 500 falls 70+ points in seconds after president trump publishes tariff announcement about china. stocks slightly recovered after taco president trump says he has not cancelled his meeting with china's president xi and he "might still" have the meeting. just hours ago, president trump said he has "no reason" to meet with president xi. trump on china: - i'll probably meet with xi, but i don't know - out of the blue, they came up with these new export controls - i set the date for nov 1st, maybe things change by then
gdp forecast so bad the administration wants to make up different numbers seriously, i can't believe how fast and how far we're going off the rails. 6 weeks ago, atlanta fed had a q1 gdp growth forecast of 2.9%, last week it was revised down to a decline of 1.5%. apparently, that wasn't low enough as it's now been revised down to 2.8% decline. 6 weeks to swing from 2.9% growth to 2.8% contraction. that's a crazy level of slow down in the economy under this administration in such little time. it's such a bad economic forecast that the commerce department is wanting to hide the number by changing the way gdp is calculated. that's like north korea or russia just making up economic numbers. what in the world is happening here?? the us is losing its stability and integrity. capital will be allocated away from the usa if they go through with this.
us equities lost 90%-and took 25 years to recover. everyone is saying "dip dip dip" as if we are experiencing an overreaction to a small segment bubble. 95 years ago the us levied the smoot-hawley tariffs, worldwide tariffs that were designed to encourage domestic production and punish "cheating countries". this kicked off a trade war that had no small part in causing a world-wide depression. the us has not levied global tariffs of this degree since then. until yesterday. what happened to us equities? after a roaring bull run during which wealth was printed and the every-day man flung money in the market it crashed. but not overnight. in fits and starts the dji lost 90% of its value over a 3 year period. it took *25* years for it to return to an ath. trump has fired 10s of thousands of federal employees. he's spiking unemployment. he's taxing imports to the tune of 50-100%. other countries will do the same to us. our companies will start having mass layoffs, crushing economic activity and investment. domestic production will not return, everyone one will be out of money to buy stuff anyways. the sh tariffs did nothing to encourage domestic manufacturing, it just made everyone poorer. maybe our monetary policy will prevent a great depression and we escape with "only" 8-10 percent unemployment, mild stagflation and the market takes 3-5 years to recover after a 50% fall. i'd love to hear the thesis of *why* the market will recover or be higher in the next 12-24 months when we have a historical model staring us in the face.
breaking: fraud investigation into tesla continues, $43m in government rebate payments paused and company banned from all canadian ev rebate and grant programs for context, this comes after **four tesla dealerships claimed to have sold 8,653 teslas in 3 days.** assuming each dealership opens from 9am-5pm, that's **90 cars sold per hour per dealership**. tesla made these claims 3 days before canada's ev rebate program was set to shut down. source: [ \--- by marco chown oved from the star "canada has frozen $43 million in payments to tesla pending a line-by-line investigation into its last-minute surge in ev rebate claims made on the final weekend of the government program. the american ev maker run by u.s. presidential adviser elon musk will also be excluded from all future ev rebate programs as long as tariffs are in place, former transport minister chrystia freeland said in a statement. the stop-payment order appears to have been made before the current election was called sunday, though freeland only confirmed it tuesday, while on the campaign trail for her university—rosedale seat. “as soon as i became transport minister, i asked the department to stop all payments for tesla vehicles in order to fully examine each claim individually and determine whether all are eligible and valid. no payments will be made until we are confident that the claims are valid,” she said in a statement texted to the star. “i also directed my department to change the eligibility criteria for future izev programs to ensure that tesla vehicles will not be eligible for incentive programs so long as the illegitimate and illegal u.s. tariffs are imposed against canada.”" source: [
us senate passed bill by slim margin in a 51-48 vote to block trump's tariffs on imports from canada 4 republicans cross the floor to vote with democrats to pass a bill that would remove import tariffs on canadian goods. this still needs to pass the house (which has republican majority), and even if it passes the house, president can still veto. at which point it goes back to the senate and 2/3 need to vote to overturn the veto. low chance, but indication that dissent is happening within party lines given the economic downturn of tariff policy. interesting to see how many more house reps and senators break from party lines after today's "liberation" tariffs have time to impact markets and consumer prices [
canada retaliates with 25% tariffs on $155 billion in us imports as response to trump tariffs! trade war is on! canada is imposing it’s own 25 per cent tariffs on $155 billion worth of u.s. goods after u.s. president donald trump slapped canada with 25 per cent tariffs on all goods and 10 per cent tariffs on oil, natural gas and electricity. prime minister justin trudeau says the tariffs will take effect on $30 billion worth of goods starting tuesday with a further $125 billion worth of products being taxed 21 days later. trudeau elected to go ahead with retaliatory tariffs even though trump’s order includes a mechanism to escalate the rates if canada retaliates against the u.s. canada will also look at how to limit export of rare minerals to the us which are crucial for us tech companies. **tldr: trade war is on! stocks may take a hit and bond yields may spike (because of inflation fears) so position wisely!**
china just turned off u.s. supplies of minerals critical for defense & modern tech china just went nuclear and put strict export controls on seven of the medium and heavy rare earths (rees). "if dysprosium doesn’t come out of china, it doesn’t come out at all. it’s the spinal cord of electrification, and right now china’s holding the vertebrae." not being able to get your hands on critical materials could be devastating. rees are involved in far more modern tech than people realize (see article 1 below). china controls 90%+ of the global heavy rare earth mining and refining, and has a stranglehold on some (but not all) of the light and medium rare earths as well. as such, they absolutely holds the cards to the entire us trade war and everyone needs to watch closely how far they are willing to escalate. the below articles will bring you up to speed on just how critical these medium and heavy rare earths are. if tariffs are glorified saber rattling, this is a straight up shot just above the bow. [ [ what does this have to do with investing? there are a handful or so of ree projects in various stages that could be killer investments in the coming months or years. asm in australia, lem (of which i am invested) and scd in canada, as well as a few projects in north, central and south, america who's names escape me. the various greenland ree projects are also possible punts that might be good for a bubble play, but they have major hurdles to economic production, more so than the others imhop. most of the ree projects around the world have major hurdles but that's just where the industry is. either way, outside of investing in the ree space, these recent export controls could affects dozens of global industries that affect our everyday lives so watch this space particularly. i suspect the mainstream media won't give this the attention is deserves.
"there was no tariff 'exception' announced on friday." donald trump what the actual fuck? how is anyone supposed to do business under this administration? literally in under 3 days we went from exceptions announced for smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives and computer processors to having that pulled back because of one schizophrenic truthsocial post?
am i the only one who respects jerome powell a lot? seriously, think about what this guy has had to handle. he was at the helm of the federal reserve during *a global pandemic*, then navigated the economic fallout from the *ukraine war*, and now—while everyone seems to be playing politics—he’s standing firm against pressure, especially from trump, who clearly wants things done *his* way. powell might not be perfect, but he’s shown consistency, calm, and independence in a time when a lot of institutions have crumbled under political influence. the man’s trying to do what’s best for the economy, not just what’s best for one side or another. that takes guts. and in today’s climate, that's rare. so yeah, maybe i *am* one of the few who really respects jerome powell. but i’m good with that.
my portfolio has dropped from 61k to 38k in the last three months with 15k evaporated in one week love where we’re at. love everyone who voted for this guy. great plan great strategy. tariffs on all avocados because the us will just start growing its own avocados. turn the entire world against us. where do we go from here. if i sell, lose 23k if i hold on i’ll lose more. so what’s it gonna be. no more dollar cost averaging. what have you guys lost where are you looking for refuge? edit: i invested a good chunk in energy. believe nuclear is the future of energy (it is) but should’ve sold when trump was inaugurated. only down about 3k of my principle, the rest were gains wiped
trump announces chip tariffs up to 100% > u.s. president donald trump has announced his intent to impose import tariffs as high as 100% on computer chips and semiconductors. in a speech at the house gop issues conference in miami on monday, he also suggested he would remove joe biden’s program of paying subsidies to chip makers like intel or tsmc to build fabrication plants in the u.s. does this mean puts on spy?
trump to announce new 20% tariffs this week on every single us trading partner, not just the initial group of 10-15 countries prev. stated what industries will this impact the most? previous tariffs announcements have been easy to understand what industries it will impact (for example auto tariffs, wine tariffs, etc.). what would a sweeping 20% tariff on virtually every single us trading partner mean for investing? will it lead to lower consumer demand in an already weak us consumer? will it lead to higher profits for us based companies? don't most us companies manufacturer outside of the us, so their operating costs/cogs will increase? **is anyone still buying sp500 etfs, or have people begun to sell? not sure what to do with my portfolio, or if i should dollar cost average buy vs. sell. if anyone can share how they are navigating this uncertainty - leaving the market completely or riding it out.** \--- sources [ [
breaking: trump places 100% tariff on china starting nov 1st the s&p 500 falls 70+ points in seconds after president trump publishes the below paragraph about china. donald j. trump truth social post 04:50 pm est 10/10/25 it has just been learned that china has taken an extraordinarily aggressive position on trade in sending an extremely hostile letter to the world, stating that they were going to, effective november 1st, 2025, impose large scale export controls on virtually every product they make, and some not even made by them. this affects all countries, without exception, and was obviously a plan devised by them years ago. it is absolutely unheard of in international trade, and a moral disgrace in dealing with other nations. based on the fact that china has taken this unprecedented position, and speaking only for the u.s.a., and not other nations who were similarly threatened, starting november 1st, 2025 (or sooner, depending on any further actions or changes taken by china), the united states of america will impose a tariff of 100% on china, over and above any tariff that they are currently paying. also on november 1st, we will impose export controls on any and all critical software. it is impossible to believe that china would have taken such an action, but they have, and the rest is history. thank you for your attention to this matter! donald j. trump president of the united states of america
my 54 year old dad has 0$ invested for retirement yeah, so my dad drives for uber full time. he did a great job saving for college for me and my brother, but he has little savings for his retirement and no investments. should i have him open a roth ira and advise him to invest aggressively in the s&p 500? i don't want him to keep working for the rest of his life. any advice would be greatly appreciated. edit: should've mentioned i'm 18 and my brother is 16. currently working my ass off in college. my goal is to get a good job to support myself and my father. either way, i'm going to make sure he retires. i just want to get him started until i start having my own income. edit 2: alot of helpful advice and i just want to say thank you. another point to mention is that my dad wants to retire in egypt, which explains why he’s so not worried about retirement savings. he can live very comfortably off of $1-2k a month there. i’ll be working my ass off to make sure me, my future children, and my father and mother can live a comfortable life. thanks once again! edit 3: fuck you twitter
ok so, the dollar is dying, stocks are overvalued, crypto is already gigapumped, europe is dead, you can't trust chinese assets, gold is already up massive what do we buy rn? the dollar is experiencing a decline, largely due to the strain of u.s. debt, deficits, and geopolitical tensions on long-term confidence. holding onto cash currently feels like a gradual loss. meanwhile, equities seem overpriced, with s&p forward p/es in the high 20s, reflecting an overly optimistic market outlook. the cryptocurrency market has already seen significant growth, with a 5-10x increase from its lows. europe's economy appears structurally weak, hindered by demographic challenges, energy dependence, and political fragmentation. furthermore, china's assets are untrustworthy due to unreliable data and a lack of shareholder protection.
trump fires head of bls, attacks numbers the wsj reports: trump orders firing of statistics chief after weak jobs data president trump directed his team to fire the top bureau of labor statistics official as a soft jobs report weighed on markets along with trump’s revamped tariff plan. trump in a social media post said erika mcentarfer, the bls commissioner, would be “replaced with someone much more competent and qualified,” asserting without evidence that the government’s jobs numbers have been manipulated for political purposes.
how is bitcoin not just a glorified ponzi scheme? genuinely asking, not here to troll. bitcoin has been popular for 15 years, but it still doesn’t seem to have a mainstream, everyday use. you can’t just walk into most stores and buy groceries or gas with it. yet, every time it surges, people start calling it "the future of finance," but that future never really happens. i keep hearing about institutional money coming in, but if it’s mostly hedge funds and whales pushing the price up, how does that make it a real currency? if regular people are just there to provide liquidity for the big dogs, how is this different from a glorified pump-and-dump? don't get me wrong i'm a bitcoin fan and have been buying and selling it for years now. but i cringe everytime i hear “it’s digital gold”.. gold has a use beyond its speculative value. it can be made into jewelry, art.. people want to have it because its a ‘real’ thing you can hold in your hands! bitcoin's only real use is making anonymous transactions that regular humans don't usually need to make. am i missing something here, or is bitcoin actually just a bigger fool scheme? edit: when you ask the trading ai everyone on tiktok uses ([this one]( it basically says bitcoin isn’t a ponzi because there’s no central scammer, no guaranteed payouts, and it still functions even when prices crash. it’s more like a scarce digital asset that people trade, kind of like gold but way more volatile. but that still doesn’t really answer why it hasn’t become a real mainstream currency. feels like people just trade it hoping someone else will pay more later.
us loses its last aaa credit rating with downgrade by moody’s moody’s had the us on negative outlook for a while. s&p has maintained a aa rating for several years. does anyone consider this a catalyst for reducing us risk? have seen a lot of posts discussing investing in non-us companies recently. wondering if this news accelerates a shift out of us assets with investors preferring more international exposure.
tesla reports 20% q1 drop in auto revenue brutal numbers from tesla after the bell. as we all know, their stock performance is often decoupled from results. little movement in futures so far, but curious how it’ll move tomorrow. total revenue slid 9% from $21.3 billion a year earlier. automotive revenue dropped 20% to $14 billion from $17.4 billion in the same period last year. tesla said one reason for the decline was the need to update lines at its four vehicle factories to start making a refreshed version of its popular model y suv. the company also pointed to lower average selling prices and sales incentives as a drag on revenue and profit. net income plummeted 71% to $409 million, or 12 cents a share, from $1.39 billion or 41 cents a year ago. ... the company refrained from promising growth this year and said it will “revisit our 2025 guidance in our q2 update.” eta: it’s now up a staggering 3% after delivering that terrible news - they must be into the vaporware portion of the call.
4 republican senators break from party to pass new democrat resolution to reverse us tariffs on canada - decision to happen today **edit:** posts mentioning how trump's economic policies impact, well... the economy and stocks, are being mass removed from r-stocks due to "no stocks being mentioned". i posted the exact same post i did here, there, and outlined both stock names and tickers. seems like r-stocks mods, don't like hearing about how economy and business is down on the candidate they voted for... \-- **what stocks this news impacts** the **stocks and tickers** that are impacted by this by **economic policy** news are the following: canadian etfs (**xic, ewc**) and canadian companies that would benefit from a tariff reversal (**ntr, mg**) **these stocks are expected to be impacted because was reported 2 hours ago that there's enough republicans that have crossed the floor to work with dems on a tariff removal resolution (just for canada, not for the liberation day international tariffs)** \- democrat senator tim kaine has launched a resolution in the us senate to reverse tariffs on canadian imports to the us. it's co-sponsored by senators amy klobuchar and rand paul. \- to pass all democrat senators need to support it, with support from 4 republican senators. mitch mcconnell, lisa murkowski, and susan collins have voiced concerns with tariffs and are expected to support the resolution which would help it pass. decision was expected either yesterday or today. **note** \- this is not a political post, it makes no comment of if tariffs are good or bad, or if one party is better than the other. \- the only thing this talks about is a new devolpment that enough senators across both parties may pass an economic policy reversal \- this was first reported 2 hours ago, and was not previously posted \- it is relevant to stocks and investing, as the economic outlook for many us/canada listed stocks will change if tariffs are removed. **source** [ [ [
trump to open 401k accounts to private market [source]( president donald trump is weighing an executive order which would allow 401k funds to make private-market investments in a huge shakeup to retirement packages. trump is expected to announce the new policy soon, but precise details are being kept tightly under wraps and are still subject to change, the [wall street journal]( reported. the executive order is expected to instruct the labor department to begin working with the securities and exchange commission on guidance for employers and plan administrators. it would represent a huge victory for the private equity industry, which has long been lobbying to gain access to workers' 401k plans, which currently is worth about $12.5 trillion. these portfolios have long been primarily comprised of stocks and bonds, largely because they carry less risk than other forms of investment. private markets would give accountholders greater opportunity for growth and long-term rewards, allowing investors to capitalize on private equity, venture capital, real estate and hedge funds which aren't on public exchanges.
my 401k hit $500k yesterday i'm 41 years old. just wanted to share this milestone here cause i don't really talk about money with anyone irl and my wife doesn't care lol. my 401k had 286k in sept 2023 and i have been contributing the max ever since. i just have it invested in the vtsax equivalent. i can't believe it has almost doubled in just two years. i mostly contributed up to the company match starting in 2006. i think i had around 10-12k during the 2008 recession. by 2011 i had around 40-45k. then i was unemployed/student from 2011-2014 so i missed some bullish years. went back to work in late 2014 and contributed to the company match again. i maxed it out between 2017-2021. i think in 2019 i had around 90-100k. in 2022 i went back to just the company match cause i had another kid (that would have been the best time to max), then maxed it out again in 2023. so for you young people out there, contribute as much as you can and it will grow faster than you can imagine.
i talked with a chinese factory owner to see what’s happening on the ground. tl;dr: china has mobilized tons of resources to exporters but there’s some signs of pain i’m an american in china but have been seeing very little foreign reporting about what’s happening in china, which is weird to me because it seems pretty important to get a clear picture of the trade war. so here’s what i learned from him. **gov support** -the local government is helping and giving him low interest rate loans / short term financial support. this type of thing is very common throughout china right now - lots of local govs are mobilizing to support exporters thru the tariff war. li qiang, central gov minister, says central government help is probably coming too -guangzhou, and i assume others too, has also organized tons of seminars since liberation day with buyers from europe, latin america, and asia. a big source of replacement demand for his factory has been from these -he’s getting lots of buyers from tiktok shops overseas. it seems like tiktok is helping a lot to mitigate the demand impact -the news story of walmart, target, costco, etc. resuming some orders is true, he confirmed it. but the amounts are **very, very** small **pain** -he’s already re-evaluating employees and firing some soon. he said most exporters in guangzhou are cutting some employees, but extremely us dependent exporters have furloughed most of their workforces until mid may **some good news for the u.s?** -before liberation day he was building a factory in the us and has now fully committed to it. but it’s having issues since the raw materials are sourced from china and they’re getting hit with tariffs [the full interview is here]( i didn’t write everything here. knowing the relative strength and ability of china or the us to withstand the tariff war is super important to trading right now i believe
feeling the heat today. my portfolio is down 26% since don took office. anyone else feeling it? been up for the last 4 years, and to drop 26% in a few short weeks is hitting hard. i'm ready to have my 4 years of growth deteriorate completely over the next 4 years. anyone else feeling it? what the plan overall? other than double down and dca through the bear market? am not revealing my exact portfolio guys chill
china’s rare earth restrictions are 10x more impactful than the tariffs, are people not realizing this? the rare earth restrictions china just instituted are quite possibly catastrophic in short time supply chains for all tech, computing, ev, defense, medical imaging, telecom, displays, etc. these products do not have any available alternatives in the short term that would even come close to requisite demand. if this is a long term strategic move by china, it is going to massive supply shortages and cost increases. a display monitor that now costs $500 may well be $1500 by same time next year. people focusing on the tariffs over this policy shift is blowing my mind honestly.
the u.s. is going broke slowly [ "the question i am asked most frequently by investors and financial advisors is when is the federal debt going to blow up in all of our faces. my usual answer is that, while **we** ***are*** **going broke**, we are going broke *slowly"* "that being said, there is a danger that political choices lead to a faster deterioration in the federal finances, leading to a backup in long-term interest rates and a lower dollar. based on current allocations and valuations alone, m**any investors should likely consider diversifying their portfolios by adding alternative assets and international stocks.**" to all the people who found my post, on the u.s. economy being dependant on a.i. and not being worth it investing the other day, to be funny :\]
if you can't stomach a 4% market drop then you really need to adjust your investing strategy it seems that everyone has become so accustomed to massive yearly gains in the stock market. if you're thinking about selling your investments after a minor drop in the market, then you really need to adjust your strategy. maybe consider a money market fund or speaking to a financial advisor. everyone seems to have forgotten the risk that comes with investing. we have seen gains in the last few years that are unlikely to be repeated in the near future. there have been past periods where the market has been down over a significant number of years. if you have time on your side and are diversified in index/mutual funds then you need to stay the course. if you have all of your money in a few individual tech stocks then you need to restrategize or stop complaining when you lose a significant amount of money. if you are a new investor, it can be easy to get discouraged in these type of scenarios but as the market goes down, your future purchases will be at a lower price. nothing is ever guaranteed and nothing goes up in a straight line.
us hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic where are we going with this economy...is the market going to crash? 1. unemployment is rising with negative job growth 2. we are in the second-longest government shutdown 3. inflation is so high and increasing 4. trade wars and tariffs have created so much uncertainty that projects are getting canceled or are not ready to take on any new initiatives. ai is booming, but i am still not sure how and where it is helping to make money. as a common man, i use chatgpt or other ai tools for free, and now i am so confused about which one to use, as there are so many. inequality between the rich and the poor is getting worse; this is going to impact us economy. global growth is slowing due to uncertainty as well, which might have an impact on the us economy
most predictable drop of all time i posted here right after the first crash in february “don’t buy the dip, this is more 1929 vibes than 2001.” in response i got almost 100 replies telling me not to time the market, before it got removed by mods for being a “question” (it was not). literally all trump is doing is exactly what he promised on the campaign. and virtually every economist knew it would cause a recession. even after the crash yesterday he doubled down, saying he might add tariffs on semiconductors and pharmaceuticals too. he is simply trying to remove us from global markets, and it’s working! buy the dip once people start actually pushing back against trump - no real reason to buy before that point.
warren buffett will no longer write annual letter, speak at berkshire hathaway shareholder meeting warren buffett is "going quiet." in a letter to berkshire hathaway ([brk-b]( [brk-a]( [shareholders published on monday]( the outgoing ceo announced that he would no longer write an annual letter or speak at the company's annual meeting. buffett's letter to berkshire shareholders, [published in february]( was his 60th edition. at berkshire's annual meeting in may, buffett ended the meeting by announcing his recommendation that the company's board support vice chair greg abel as his successor. the board [voted two days later]( in line with buffett's recommendation, and abel is set to take the reins as ceo on jan. 1, 2026. "i will no longer be writing berkshire’s annual report or talking endlessly at the annual meeting," buffett wrote on monday. "[as the british would say, i’m 'going quiet.'](
court strikes down trump's tariffs, ruling them illegal a federal court on wednesday froze many of the large-scale tariffs imposed by president trump on virtually every foreign nation, ruling the levies exceed the president's legal authority. the ruling — issued by a panel of judges on the u.s. court of international trade — halted the sweeping 10% tariffs mr. trump assessed on virtually every u.s. trading partner on "liberation day" last month, with higher tariffs threatened for dozens of countries. the court also blocked a separate set of tariffs imposed on china, mexico and canada by the trump administration, which has cited drug trafficking and illegal immigration as its reasoning for the hikes.
us tourism officials sound alarm, tourist flights to us sink 70% and could impact up to 140k hospitality jobs and $14b in economic spending here is my way of trying to find alpha in an erratic stock market - how i'm trading the us tourism dip. **1. canada is the us's largest source of tourism**: in 2024, 20 million canadian tourists visited the us, spent $20.5 billion, and supported 140,000 us jobs. canada's population is 40 million, so 50% of the entire country visited, and the us had 77 million tourists so 1 country is contributing 26% of visits. **2. recent us policies is leading to a tourism boycott from canadians, and the rest of the world**: tourists are boycotting us tourism due to tariffs, annexation threats, new travel barriers, and stories of visitors being unlawfully detained with no due process (in march a canadian citizen was denied entry due to an expired visa, while this was a worker and not a tourist, instead of being allowed to return to canada, as is the norm, she was shackled in chains and sent to a private ice facility for 2 weeks without being able to contact a lawyer or get a bed). **3. analysts previously predicted policies would decrease tourism by 5%, new numbers released this week show that it's 14x higher:** for canada alone (26% of us's entire tourism industry with 20 million visitors) - airline travel is **down** **70%**, land travel is **down** **45%**, and **85%+** of tourists survey say they cancelled their us trips. **4. here's how i'm planning on using this information to make stock trades into specific companies both long and short:** i'm shorting airlines that have high exposure to can-us routes (it's been reported that airlines are slashing these routes due to 0 demand, and they is no clear way they can cover this revenue gap with a lower utilized fleet). i'm shorting select hospitality chains (hotels, restaurants) with high exposure/retail foot print in us states that border canada like niagara falls. the us travel association says that even just a 10% dip in tourists will lead to $2 billion in economic losses and 140,000 jobs at risk (assuming 70% decrease from air travel happens across the board, that's $14b), i expect hospitality to have lower revenues. i'm shorting all non-essential or higher price retailers with a big footprint in hostility states, all these workers being laid off by lack of tourism + the fed job cuts won't have as much to spend (not my specific trade, but an example would be short target, long dollar general). i'm long, and buying, non-american/europe hotel chains and travel booking platforms that get most of their revenue outside the us, as i expect canadian and international tourists to concentrate their spend to europe/asia/oceania travel this summer. **edit 5. how do the european/international figures play?** it's important to note that the canadian tourism numbers dipped after the policies that happened in point 2. and we're seeing what those numbers are a few months later now. the us admin is rolling out these policies across the board tomorrow during "liberation day". the point here is that we won't see the true vector of an internal tourism boycott both in terms of magnitude and direction until the policies that were enacted on canada are enacted globally, and consumers have time to adjust behaviour. but if the canadian consumer is any indication, i have more conviction in my trades. **a glimpse into this being a trend is a french travel company reporting to bloomberg their europe to us travel bookings are down 25%.** **edit 6. example of the airline play** yes i know us airlines are already down a lot. rode that wave and exited my shorts. now i'm shorting air canada and onex (parent company of westjet), since they have much more exposure to us-can routes, and are cutting routes dramatically with no increase in capacity elsewhere also looking to short airline maitence companies, the food suppliers specific to flight food, and fuel refineries/storage those two airlines use, and retail stores with large exposure to airports that only see us/canada travel. but going long on regional air craft hangers since their smaller fleets are used the most for us/canada travel, while their bigger fleets will still be active for the europe/asia flight routes that havn't seen impact on demand. would like to hear what everyone thinks about this trade play. thanks! **source for numbers used** * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [
the gap between the rich and poor just widened substantially we’ve just witnessed the most blatant market manipulation in the history of the united states. the gap between the rich and poor just widened substantially. “trump told people to buy. hours later, his tariff pause sent markets soaring. trump’s post before his announcement has democrats accusing him of a “market manipulation scheme.””
recent 13f filing of scion shows michael burry, of ‘the big short’ fame, has just shorted palantir ($912 mil) and nvidia ($186.5 mil). the recent 13f filing of scion shows michael burry, of ‘the big short’ fame, has just shorted palantir ($912 mil) and nvidia ($186.5 mil). this could and probably means nothing, as he’s been wrong plenty. but, it’s still a nice reminder to keep some dry powder for future opportunities, especially in such a frothy market.
china retaliates with 34% tariffs on all us products at the time of writing this dow futures are losing 1400 points. apple is down another 4.77% pre-market to $194, as it has 90% of iphones assembled in china. s&p 500 futures are down 3.5% and nasdaq 100 futures down 4%. us 10 yr at 3.905%. vix volatility index spikes to 42.82, highest level since covid it is going to be an interesting day.
psa: 30% loss means the stock needs to go up by 43% to return this should be a basic no-brainer but everytime you see a stock go down 5% at the current price level. if it increases back by 5% it doesn't go back to its old price. to illustrate. 10% loss needs 11% gain to return. 20% needs 25%. 30% needs 43%. 40% needs 67%. 50% needs 100%. at 90% drop your stock will need to go up by 900% to return to its old price. right now you're seeing nasdaq dropping double digits and futures are down mid singles almost everyday. the power of compounding works both ways.
sp500 sinks 4% after trump's liberation day tariffs, china vows to retaliate on trump's 54% tariffs, stoking investor fears of a global trade war and recession it's been noted that the us retaliatory tariffs are not based on other country's tariffs, but rather the import/export trade deficit that the us has with said countries sp500 is down 4% with consumer tech (apple), apparel and clothing (nike and lululemon), and retail (dollar general and walmart) that source many products and parts from china down / hit the hardest china and other countries are vowing to retaliate with their own tariffs against the us sparking fears of a global trade war and recession. noting the last time the us enacted sweeping tariffs through the smoot-harwley tariff act (which had lower average tariff amounts than those announced yesterday), it lead to a global trade war, reducing imports/exports, failed to bring back manufacturing jobs to the us, and caused the great depression. will history repeat itself? [ [
wyze labs, a seattle-based smart home company, received a startling tariff bill: $255,000 on a $167,000 shipment of floodlights imported from china. this is what's to come for a lot of companies. right now they are buffered by stocks they built up before the tariffs, once those run out this is their new reality. how can any company survive this?
unpopular opinion but i don't think the ai bubble is anything like the dot com bubble i keep seeing this comparasion on reddit, but i believe it'swrong to compare the two and expect a crash as big as the one in 2000. the big difference is that the companies today actually make money. microsoft, google, nvidia, meta they all have real products, billions in profits, and millions of users. think of google maps, youtube, windows, office, android, instagram etc. these are all solid products with billions in profits and massive user bases. can you replace them? no. will they go away anytime soon? also no. even if the ai trend slows down, these companies still have strong foundations and cash flow from their non-ai products. during the dot com bubble, most companies had no profits and were running on hype alone. not to mention how technology wasn’t even a big part of people’s lives back then. most people were just getting online for the first time, and the internet was still something new and weird, used mostly by nerds. sure, valuations are high and there’s some overexcitement, but that doesn’t mean the market is heading for a total meltdown. a correction? probably. a repeat of 2000? highly unlikely.
remembering stock market crash of 2022 it’s easy to forget how short the market’s memory is. still remember the last few months of 2022. the s&p 500 was down nearly 25%, the nasdaq had crashed over 35%, and inflation was out of control. the fed was hiking rates aggressively, and it felt like a deep recession was inevitable. goldman sachs or jp morgan (don't remember which) predicted the s&p 500 would go all the way to 3,000. michael burry suggested an even bigger collapse taking s&p500 back to 1800. most investors were convinced this was just the beginning of more pain. even then people talked about stagflation and going into the lost decade. meta, in particular, was the poster child of despair. down 75%, from $380 to $88. people genuinely thought it would never recover. the ad market was dying. reels weren’t making money. zuckerberg was "burning billions" on the metaverse. investors wanted him to shut it all down. it wasn’t just meta. amazon reported its first unprofitable year after a long time. google’s ad revenue shrank. microsoft’s growth slowed. tesla was down to $113 at its lowest. institutions were slashing price targets left and right. investors were selling at the lows, convinced things would only get worse. and then... the market did what it always does. slowly, things started improving. companies adapted. earnings stabilized. the panic faded. by mid-2023, inflation was cooling. the fed hinted at pausing rate hikes. meta posted a solid earnings report. then came $40 billion in stock buybacks. the stock doubled. then doubled again. amazon recovered. nvidia went on a historic run. the nasdaq had its best year in two decades in 2023. by early 2024, meta, nvidia, and microsoft were hitting all-time highs to reach even higher by end of 2024. two years of record gains. when markets are crashing, it feels like they’ll never go up again. when they’re at all-time highs, it feels like they’ll never go down. neither is true. so investors, it's going to be fine. just be calm and hold tight. and if you can, keep buying.
u.s. beef prices reach record highs as cattle industry struggles to keep costs down the average cost of one pound of ground beef reached a record-high of $5.80 in april, according to numbers from the bureau of labor statistics. that is up nearly 50% from five years ago. "we are very, very conscious of how high the prices are in the meat case," said rancher stephen kirkland, owner of the z bar cattle company. kirkland said he has been trying to absorb the price increases at the two butcher shops he owns near fort worth, texas. kirkland says that a year ago, he could buy cattle for about $1,500 per steer. now, he says the price has risen to nearly $2,400. "$2,400 for one steer going into the feed yard, and then feed and everything else, transportation, everything else that gets involved in that," kirkland said of the cost. raising those steers also comes at a higher cost, with prices going up for feed, land and financing.
u.s. stocks see biggest 2-day wipeout in history as market loses $11 trillion since inauguration day i didn’t know it was this bad. we get best ever and most evers all the time. inflation tends to make that possible. some black monday in 1805 might have lost $700 and 3 donkeys and it stands as some colossal reversal of fortune. but we’ve posted a lot of the record breaking on the positive side. or at least i have. only fair we show this. > roughly $11.1 trillion has been wiped away from the u.s. stock market since jan. 17, the friday before president donald trump took the oath of office and began his second term, according to data from dow jones market data. > some $6.6 trillion of that figure was lost on thursday and friday alone — the largest two-day wipeout of shareholder value on record, dow jones data showed. > by the time the market closed on friday, the s&p 500 had surpassed its losses from the first 75 days of george w. bush’s first term in office — the last time stocks saw comparable declines during the early days of a new administration. the small-cap-focused russell 2000 has seen its rockiest start to a new administration on record, factset data showed. can’t believe we’d be looking back with rosy eyes toward george w. the article is especially concerned where we enter a trade war(s) and “don’t back down.” i don’t think anyone anticipated how bad this would get and how fast. but the market can change on a dime. provided there is a letup on pressure. but how the hell are businesses supposed to plan and build out? everyone is sitting on cash because they don’t know if they’ll need it just to stay afloat. and this administration seems incapable of admitting mistake. they got plenty of experts to blame if they want scapegoats. i just don’t know they’ll reverse course. if they do, will it be fast enough to matter?
markets are overreacting to deepseek the markets are overreacting to the deepseek news. nvidia and big tech stocks losing a trillion dollars in value is not realistic. i personally am buying more nvda stock off the dip. so what is going on? the reason for the drop: investors think deepseek threatens to disrupt the us big tech dominance by enabling smaller companies and cost-sensitive enterprises with an open source and low cost, high performance model. here is why i think fears are overblown. 1. companies like nvidia, microsoft, and other big tech firms have massive war chests to outspend competitors. nvidia alone spent nearly $9 billion on r&d in 2024 and can quickly adapt to new threats by enhancing its offerings or lowering costs if necessary. 2. nvidia’s dominance isn’t just about hardware—it’s deeply tied to its software ecosystem, particularly cuda, which is the gold standard for ai and machine learning development. this ecosystem is entrenched in research labs, enterprises, and cloud platforms worldwide. 3. people have to understand the risk that comes with deepseek coming out of china. there will be major adoption barriers from key markets as folks worry about data security, sanctions, government overreach etc. 4. us just announced $500b to ai infrastructure via stargate. the government has substantial resourcing to subsidize or lower barriers for brands like nvidia. critiques tend to fall into two camps... 1. nvidias margins are going to be eroded to this i think we have to acknowledge that while lower margins and demand would impact the stock both of these are speculative. increased efficiency typically increases demand. and nvidias customers are pretty entrenched, it’s def not certain they will bleed customers. on top of that nvidia’s profitability isn’t solely tied to selling gpus. its software stack (e.g., cuda), enterprise services, and licensing deals contribute significantly. these high-margin revenue streams i would guess are going to remain solid even if hardware pricing pressures increase. 2. open source has a number of relative advantages i think open source is heavily favorited by startups and indie developers (open source is strongly favored by reddit specifically). but the enterprise buyer doesn’t typically lean this way. open-source solutions require significant internal expertise for implementation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. large enterprises often prefer nvidia’s support and commercial-grade stack because they get a dedicated team for ongoing updates, security patches, and scalability.
trump orders creation of us sovereign wealth fund, says it could buy tiktok any thoughts as to what would be the impact of such a sovereign fund on the broader market? especially if the fund is going to compete with the private companies it terms of acquisitions. seems like the opposite of small government. [
i joined a stock investment scam group to see how it worked. i am going through specifics of the scam because i know there are people that won't believe they're being scammed unless their scenario matches exactly and entirely. here's the process 1. they advertise their scam group on a platform like instagram, pretending to be another app. when you click on it, it asks you to message a whatsapp number. 2. there are 2 "important" people. one is the mentor and one is the advisor. the advisor always direct messages you, and the mentor speaks ai summaries of stock events in the group chat. 3. the group chat is filled with ai bots messaging around. it's to add legitimacy. 4. they will suggest you stocks. after you buy them, the advisor will ask you to provide screenshots. q: why do they ask you for screenshots? a: it's to make you accustomed to the process. they don't need screenshots of the transactions for their normal stock suggestions. it's useless for them. edit: following a comment - it's not exactly useless, it also lets them know how much you have and are willing to invest to see if you're worth their time. the only time they need it is when they finally advertise their pump and dump scam stock. they require the screenshots of the transactions so they can figure out how much money they scammed out of you to get a cut. 5. after 2 months regular stock recommendations. they will advertise and hype up their scam stock, promising 150% gains. they want you to put as much as possible. just to add on, they don't specify the stock ticker until the last day (dec 8). they advertise the releasement of the stock ticker, not the stock itself. 6. [chow stock - google search]( this was the specific scam stock recommended yesterday. it went up by 20% before dropping 85% today (dec 10th). it's honestly impressive. 7. i've been too lazy to photoshop/html edit the transactions, so they're trying everything in their power to get me to send the evidence. including calling me 15 times yesterday and promising a 80% cash back on the imaginary losses. (i told them i invested 100k)
trump says company should only report earnings every 6 months "subject to sec approval, companies and corporations should no longer be forced to “report” on a quarterly basis (quarterly reporting!), but rather to report on a “six (6) month basis.” this will save money, and allow managers to focus on properly running their companies. did you ever hear the statement that, “china has a 50 to 100 year view on management of a company, whereas we run our companies on a quarterly basis???” not good!!!" what do ya'll make of this? i can't see any reason for him to be supporting this unless he expects the market to crash and wants more lead time ahead of it.
nasdaq headed for worst week since 'liberation day' [ at least mike burry is going to be able to get another "big short" book and movie out of this, right? the nasdaq did get overheated and did need to correct. the government being shut down also made sure that this happened. your government giving it to the american people like back in april. hopefully, the correction will complete and things will moderate.
michael burry calls out tesla stating they are "ridiculously overvalued" “big short” investor michael burry criticized tesla in his latest substack newsletter, calling the electric-vehicle maker “ridiculously overvalued” and pointing to years of shareholder dilution as a central concern. burry argued that tesla’s valuation remains disconnected from its fundamentals and highlighted that the company continues to expand its share count with no buyback program in place to offset the effect on existing shareholders. burry cited tesla’s sec filings showing that the company’s diluted share count has grown at an annual pace of roughly 3.5–3.7% over the past several years, driven primarily by stock-based compensation and past equity raises. tesla’s outstanding shares have risen from approximately 1.0 billion in early 2020 to more than 3.4 billion today on a split-adjusted basis following the company’s 5-for-1 stock split in 2020 and 3-for-1 split in 2022, both of which increased the total number of shares available to the market. he noted that tesla issued multiple major equity offerings during the 2020–2021 period, including two $5 billion at-the-market (atm) raises in september and december 2020, followed by additional tranches in 2021 totaling roughly $12 billion in new equity issuance. these capital raises contributed significantly to the expansion of the company’s float and remain a key driver of long-term dilution. burry also referenced tesla’s most recent quarterly filings, which reported over $1.7 billion in stock-based compensation (sbc) expense year-to-date, resulting in a continual increase in the weighted-average share count used for earnings calculations. tesla continues to rely heavily on sbc as part of its employee and executive compensation structure, including multi-year, performance-based awards. tesla has no active share-buyback program, and ceo elon musk has previously stated that repurchases would only be considered once the company achieves more predictable and sustained free-cash-flow levels. burry argued that the absence of buybacks means shareholders absorb the full impact of ongoing dilution, particularly as the company issues new shares to employees and through equity-linked programs.
us stocks are breaking records. the rest of the world is doing better while the s&p 500 and other u.s. indices are setting record highs, the rest of the world is quietly doing even better. according to the latest data: - the msci acwi ex usa (tracking developed + emerging markets outside the u.s.) is up 26% in 2025 so far. - south korea’s kospi +64%, japan’s nikkei +24%, germany’s dax +22%. the s&p 500 is only up 15% this year. are you shifting some allocation outside the u.s. because of this? why or why not? given how much the u.s. market depends on big tech/ai, are you worried about a “tech concentration risk”? or do you believe the u.s. still holds the structural advantage?
my 48 year old mom has maybe 15k saved for retirement so my mom works as a substitute teacher and has been doing it for about 10 years now. she's great with money day to day and helped pay for my sister's wedding last year, but when i asked about her retirement plans she just said "i'll figure it out when i get there." she has maybe 15k in a savings account earning like 0.5% interest and that's literally it. no 401k, no ira, nothing. should i help her set up a roth ira and maybe get her into some index funds? i'm worried she's going to have to work until she's 80 at this rate. any suggestions would be awesome. edit: should mention i'm 23 and my sister is 25. we're both just starting our careers but we want to help however we can. my goal is to get her thinking about this stuff before it's too late. edit 2: thanks for all the advice! just to clarify my mom is super independent and doesn't like asking for help with money stuff. she grew up pretty poor so i think she's just happy to have any savings at all. but i know she deserves to actually retire someday.
the sudden push to "democratize" private equity isn't about helping you, it’s about finding exit liquidity i’ve been seeing a massive uptick in ads and articles lately pitching private equity and private credit to everyday retail investors. the narrative is always the same: the brokers claim they want to give us access to the same high returns that endowments and the ultra-wealthy have enjoyed for years. but i’ve been digging into the market data and i’m convinced this is fishy as fuck. it looks a lot less like an opportunity for us and a lot more like a desperate need for exit liquidity for the big players. institutional investors like pension funds and endowments are currently "over-allocated" to private markets. because public stocks took a hit or stayed flat over the last couple of years while private valuations didn't mark down as fast, their portfolios are out of balance. they are effectively tapped out. they can't put more money in, and more importantly, they are screaming for cash distributions. they want their money back, but vcs and pe firms are struggling to give it to them because the ipo market is tepid and m&a is slow. this is where the retail investor comes in. since the "smart money" is tapped out, wall street needs a new ocean of capital to keep the machine running. they need someone to buy the assets that the older funds need to sell. you can see this clearly in the ai sector. we all know valuations for ai startups like openai are completely disconnected from reality, often trading at over 100 times revenue with little to no profit. hedge funds and vcs who bought in during the 2021 hype or the recent ai boom are sitting on massive paper gains, but they having the problem, that if they would try to ipo these companies right now, the public markets might reject those valuations, forcing a "down round" that crushes their returns and makes them lose a shit ton of money. the solution is to avoid the public market entirely. instead, they move these assets into "continuation funds" or sell them on the secondary market. and who is financing this? it’s retail capital. they are effectively moving assets from the pockets of savvy institutional investors who want out into the pockets of retail investors who are just getting in. the most dangerous part is how they structure it. they sell these as "semi-liquid" funds, but the liquidity is an illusion. these funds have "gates," meaning that if everyone panics and tries to sell at once, like in a recession, they simply lock the door. we saw this with blackstone’s real estate fund recently. so you basically become the bag holder for assets that are too expensive for the public market to touch. just know that when you hear about the "democratization of finance" be very careful. “democratization” usually happens right at the end of a cycle when the insiders need someone to sell to, true to the motto: privatize earnings, socialize losses.
a 'very rapid' drop in domestic demand is hitting airlines southwest, american and alaska were the latest airlines to express caution about the rest of the year amid flagging demand for domestic flights. southwest airlines (luv) ceo bob jordan said thursday the drop-off in business detected in february was one the most pronounced he has seen. “that is a very rapid fall-off," he said on cnbc. "it’s probably the most that i have seen absent covid." the carrier believes economic unease, rather than southwest's plans to charge baggage fees or assign customers seats, has weighed on sales, jordan said. “a lot of that is, i think, the consumer reaction to the tariffs," he said on cnbc: "some of that could be front-running the tariffs in terms of spending money in other locations. so it could snap back.”
mcdonald's reports largest revenue drop in us since pandemic as consumers pull back on spending sales shrank almost 4%, at 3.6%. it's concerning when fast food and retail businesses start seeing contradicting sales from the us consumer. especially staples that are concerned with affordability like walmart and mcdonalds. if consumers are pulling back spending on "cheap", low cart value items like a mcdonalds meal then it signals to me a budget constrained, worried consumer who won't spend. the flip side of this that other fast food companies like domino's have been doing fine. so maybe this is also a combination of mcdonald's price hikes, lack of promotions and affordability, and increased competition. it could be both the macro and also the company specific issues that created this result. [ [
chips act expected to be killed after mass firings of nist employees this week *multiple reports have pieced together that the multi-billion-dollar chips act is currently on the chopping block as departures of hundreds of national institute of standards and technology (nist) workers are expected to receive layoff notices this week. nist workers headed the chips act by organizing the signatures of multiple companies to receive grants, and according to reports from bloomberg, axios, and now semiconductor advisors analyst robert maire, employees at nist that have worked less than two years at the agency, including those who have received a promotion, will soon be let go.* *as a result, the chips act will be dissolved, as no one will be left to administer it. trade tariffs are expected to replace it.* read more: [ smh was down 6% and i was trying to understand why as nvidia's report was okay and chips are a growth engine. well, they were a growth engine.
some of ya’ll after seeing mushroom clouds in the sky would be like, “time to dca that.” i suppose i respect the discipline, but man. this ain’t a news cycle, it’s new history book chapters. the u.s. has decided to isolate itself from the world. this can’t be walked back easily. i‘m old, but i’ve never lived in a world where the dollar wasn’t the reserve currency. lots of strong opinions here, i’m just saying maybe put the dxy (usd index) on your watchlist. a stable decline of usd is beneficial to the market generally, a precipitous decline might cause a banking crisis, imo.
japan stock market went back to 1989 level in 2023 after 34 years! those who say stock market just keeps rising, look at japanese nikkei index. it went up from 12,000 to 38,000 between 1985 and 1989, so an average annual rate of 75%. this was mainly bc of uncontrolled "credit creation" money printing by central bank of japan. then it all crashed in 1990 and it took 34 years , 2023 to go back to the 1990 level. so those who keep saying "stay invested" , us fed central bank has been doing the same thing as japanese central bank. debt to gdp ratio is off the charts. you never know when it will all collapse and can take decades to go back to original level. edit: tucker carlson interview with economist richard werner led me to research japanese crash more. he also wrote the book princes of the yen and the documentary is also there on youtube
is this the big short 2.0? i keep thinking about that part in the big short when the investors were waiting for the housing market to collapse. defaults were rising, the data was clear, but nothing was happening. the banks weren’t lowering the value of the mortgage bonds, and the credit rating agencies weren’t downgrading anything. the investors were sitting there wondering, why hasn’t this fallen apart yet? that feels a lot like what is happening right now with the trade war between the u.s. and china. tariffs are increasing, supply chains are clearly under pressure, and companies that rely on chinese imports are getting hit. still, the market keeps going up like everything is fine. back in 2007, the people in charge did not want to admit how bad things were because they were part of the system that would lose if the truth came out. today, it feels like big companies, the government, and wall street all want to avoid facing what is actually happening. i am not saying a crash is coming for sure, but it does feel like something is off. the numbers show stress, but the market is acting like it is not there. just like the big short, the people paying attention are starting to wonder if they are the only ones seeing it. does anyone else feel this way? what signs are you seeing that the market might be ignoring? what would it take for the system to finally react? i would love insights from people who watched it happen in real time.
china's foreign reserves are in excess of us$ 3 trillion, over half in us dollars. what happens if they start dumping them? obviously the us$ crashes but that would effectively have the same result as tariffs - much higher prices for us imports. could china weather it and what would they gain from it? with the foreign reserves they have and the ability to ignore an unhappy population, it's survivable. what could they gain from damaging their export industry? they've long been trying to stimulate domestic demand and would really like to end the us$ as the reserve currency. however given the current situation they may wait for the us to implode on its own.
chinese markets are rejecting tesla china is moving on from tesla tesla’s dominance in the ev market is slipping, and nowhere is that more obvious than in china. according to new report from cnbc, tesla’s sales in china dropped 11.5% this january compared to the same time last year. with china setting the pace for the global ev industry, tesla is rapidly losing ground to local giants like byd. it’s not just a sales dip, it’s a wipeout. in january, byd sold 30% more evs than tesla worldwide. the reason? cost and variety. while tesla leans on price cuts to compete, chinese brands like byd are already priced lower from the start. tesla’s profit margins, once its strong suit, are shrinking fast, while byd keeps scaling production without sacrificing profitability. the model 3 and model y tesla’s core models are struggling to hold their own against a flood of cheaper, high-tech, government-backed alternatives. for years, tesla thrived under china’s policies that welcomed foreign ev makers. that era is over. the chinese government has made it clear, they want their own brands to lead the global ev race. companies like byd, nio, and xpeng are now the priority, while tesla is increasingly seen as an outsider. tesla’s shanghai gigafactory, once a strategic advantage, is now a vulnerability. the chinese government could tighten regulations
a tariff impact i had not thought of... china ignores patents one of the ideas i saw today was pretty messed up: what happens if china just ignores patent protections and starts making copies of american products? medical devices, car parts, farm equipment, thousands of other things that they had been playing ball on so they could stay on the good side of the us. well the us just threw that all away, so now china is not bound by anything, they can just copy anything they want, slap their label on it, and sell it at their price, and full quality. if chinese companies do this, it would be a further wedge between the us and china, and a substantial problem down the road if a rapprochement was tried. the drug companies are most at risk on this one imo. china can just start making all the us patented treatments, at full quality and start selling them at 50% of the price that the us companies are charging other countries around the world. for those thinking they can't steal the full formulas for the products, if they can steal the plans for fighter jets, they can get the recipes for drugs. what happens to the pharma companies when the chinese start to sell newly patented treatments at 50 cents on the dollar? what happens to the biotech companies when the chinese make cheap identical copies of their products? all's fair in love and trade wars.
buffett's alternative to tariffs is seriously brilliant (import certificates) i'm honestly not sure how this hasn't been brought up more, but buffett actually has a beautifully elegant alternative to tariffs that solves for the trade deficit (which is a very real problem, he said in 2006.... "the u.s. trade deficit is a bigger threat to the domestic economy than either the federal budget deficit or consumer debt and could lead to political turmoil...") here's how import certificates work... * every time a u.s. company exports goods, it receives "import certificates" equal to the dollar amount exported. * foreign companies wanting to import into the u.s. must purchase these certificates from u.s. exporters. * these certificates trade freely in an open market, benefiting u.s. exporters with an extra revenue stream, and gently nudging up the price of imports. the brilliance is that trade automatically balances itself out—exports must match imports. no government bureaucracy, no targeted trade wars, no crony capitalism, and no heavy-handed tariffs. buffett was upfront: import certificates aren't perfect. imported goods would become slightly pricier for american consumers, at least initially. but tariffs have that same drawback, with even more negative consequences like trade wars and global instability. the clear advantages: * **automatic balance:** exports and imports stay equal, reducing america's dangerous trade deficit. * **more competitive exports:** u.s. businesses get a direct benefit, making them stronger in global markets. * **job creation:** higher exports mean more domestic production and, consequently, more american jobs. * **market-driven:** no new bureaucracy or complex regulation—just supply and demand at work. i honestly don't know how this isn't being talked about more! hell, we could rename them trump certificates if we need to, but i think this policy needs to get up to policymakers asap haha. we made a full video on our yt channel, but i won't post a link here to respect the rules of the sub! here's the link to buffett's original article: [
potential black swan - ukraine so this just hit me and i don’t like it. the meltdown of us/ukr relations on friday could reverberate into a black swan. how? trump demands a public apology from zelensky. zelensky doesn’t provide one. us withdraws all support to ukraine. europe decides to puts troops into ukraine to guarantee its security and also to stand up to trump. europe and us relations breakdown. us and eu become adversaries. even if no bullet is fired or missile is launched, economic ties and cooperation breaks down. tariffs, loss of trade, loss of revenues, negative earnings growth. all while the cape is at nosebleed levels priced to perfection. trump is miscalculating. while the us has leverage over one or several countries it will be severely hurt if the entire world unites against it. the fiasco on friday was completely unnecessary and could spiral if cooler heads don’t prevail. and i don’t think there are any in or around the oval at the moment. what a screwed up time.
us manufacturing extends slump; factory employment lowest in 5 years "u.s. manufacturing contracted for a fifth straight month in july and factory employment dropped to the lowest level in five years amid tariffs that have raised prices of imported raw materials. the institute for supply management (ism) said on friday that its manufacturing pmi dropped to 48.0 last month from 49.0 in june. a pmi reading below 50 indicates contraction in manufacturing, which accounts for 10.2% of the economy."
today is why you do not time the market this sub has been dominated by doomers lately. it's been so annoying so yeah i'm gonna rub it in. yesterday the us economy was poised to go off a cliff due to tariffs. today the tariffs have been delayed by at least 90 days. the stock market just shot up 8.5% last i checked. the reality is events happen faster than anyone can respond to. you cannot predict the future. i personally have a broadly diversified portfolio, including international exposure. i had that pre-trump-2.0. i still have it. i'm still buying at the same intervals i was before. who knows what's going to happen next. but as always, time in the market beats timing the market.
michael burry is shutting down scion asset management can't post images but here's his letter to investors in the fund. "scion asset management®, llc october 27, 2025 dear investors, with a heavy heart, i will liquidate the funds and return capital but for a small audit/tax holdback by year’s end. my estimation of value in securities is not now, and has not been for some time, in sync with the markets. with heartfelt thanks, but also with apologies, i wish you well in your future investments. i do suggest investors contact my associate pm phil clifton regarding his coming endeavors. he can be reached at *~~removed~~* and at *~~removed~~*. phil is a tremendous young talent in the field of investment and the most prodigious thinker i have ever encountered. sincerely, **michael burry** portfolio manager" source: sec confirming termination status: [ [
wow, congress wants to give its members the ability to do a cap-gains-free repositioning of stock investments i've always known these mother forkers to be bold, but this is ridiculous. i've got about $400k in unrealized cap-gains i'd love to reposition. [ edit: wow, now i'm up to $773k in unrealized gains.
9.2 million people delinquent on student loans, 90 day reporting starting i don’t see many in the investing world talking about this. delinquency credit reports are landing for 9.2 million people (**43% of americans with payments due**), due to hitting the 90 day mark of missed payments since late 2024’s resume of credit reporting on federal student loans. why is this important? student loans are dispersed by semester, not consolidated. while 1 payment is typically made, it’s spread out to 8+ loans. missing 1 payment (as 9.2 million, 43% have now done) shows up on credit reports as 8+ missed payments, **tanking credit scores by 130-250 points overnight** (i personally know someone who just lost 200). you can see stories gaining traction on here of those home/car shopping, only to see this credit hit. does this effectively remove or significantly hinder 9 million from the borrowing economy? the effect may be 2 fold, with this being the first time those borrowers actually have to start sending $ to those loans. tried adding news link but couldn’t. edit: this just accounts for past due. those currently due (another 13 million people) could follow suit when they become delinquent
a $1 trillion defense budget? trump, hegseth say it's happening - breaking defense >!washington — speaking monday evening in the white house, president donald trump made a surprise announcement: the us appears poised for its first $1 trillion defense budget request.!< “we also essentially approved a budget, which is in the \[vicinity\], you’ll like to hear this, of a trillion dollars,” trump said while meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu. “$1 trillion, and nobody’s seen anything like it. we have to build our military, and we’re very cost conscious, but the military is something that we have to build, and we have to be strong, because you got a lot of bad forces out there now. “so we’re going to be approving a budget, and i’m proud to say, actually, the biggest one we’ve ever done for the military.” [ us defense stocks looking mighty nice right now. ctm castellum
why did the 90 day pause cause the markets to skyrocket? if we think about it, nothing fundamentally has changed. it is just a pause, and if anything, the chinese tariffs are even worse than before. is there some belief that this signals that trump will back off the tariff/trade wars all-together? to me, it seems just like a panic move from trump's side, and we could very well be in the exact same spot n days/weeks from now. or is the current surge just the market trying to ride a short cycle of hype/pump? seems like some self-fulfilling prophecy where people assume/anticipate that other people will buy. to me, it just looks like one mean dead cat bounce.
the economic fallout from a trade war is not priced in prepare for a shitty start to the week on monday. * shitty tariffs: new tariffs risk reigniting inflation, forcing the fed to consider rate hikes, super inflationary. * shitty deportation policy: trump’s shitty crackdown is triggering labor shortages, disrupting key industries increasing wage growth and unemployment, inflationary * shitty california water mismanagement: shitty handling of water reserves threatens agriculture, pushing food prices higher in the near future, inflationry * shitty faa mismanagement: ongoing shitty regulatory failures are undermining confidence in transportation and logistics, inflationary. * elon & shitty sensitive data situation: reports suggest elon has access to sensitive payment system data, raising shitty security concerns believe it or not inflationary personal take: from my experience talking to analysts, most thought trump was bluffing on these shitty tariffs—especially against our own allies. no one seriously believed he’d go through with it at this scale. now that reality’s hitting, portfolios will have to adjust, and given how slow and massive these shitty institutions are, expect that to take up to a week or even longer alongside hedge funds looking to win from the chaos lets just say this won’t be a one-day shitty sell-off, this will be the trigger for next shitty bear market. how am i so sure? that's easy thats because im all in on calls and will be absloutely fucked on monday.
what is going on today with the market crash? nvidia had a terrific earnings report, we found out the economy is creating twice as many jobs as expected, there’s a great early surge and now the market is crashing. what the heck? it makes no sense. there’s no reason why that should be happening. we had a bunch of pieces of positive news.
the china fiasco is about to get worse i can't post a screenshot of his comments on truth-y social because this sub is weird...but trump just announced if china doesn't back down on their plan to tariff the us by tomorrow he is raising china tariffs an "additional" 50% i for one am grateful we have a stable genius in the white house (sarcasm), and i'm glad i am sitting on the sidelines as i watch him burn it down.
no, the s&p500 will not keep compounding at 15% per year stock prices are the result of two things, earnings and multiple on those earnings every investor who thinks the s&p can keep compounding at 15%+ return should remember that since 2000: 1) dividend yield has been between 1% and 2% every year (excluding 2008) 2) price appreciation is the result of (i) eps growth and (ii) change in price to earnings (i) eps have compounded at \~6% for decades, do you really think you have a view that will make the \~entire\~ market see a structural change in growth (ii) change in multiple: today we are at 21.5x which represents well-above 1 st. dev. which is likely to hurt even assuming multiples do not compress for 10 years (extremely bold assumption), this means returns will only come from dividend yield (2%) and eps growth (6%) for a total of \~8% if multiples go from 21.5x to 16.9x (average of last 30 years), and we keep the other 2 assumptions the same, guess what will the s&p return over the next 10 years......\~0% just be aware that investing all your money in the s&p500 will not keep working like it has for the last 10 years
for everyone who wants to stop investing because of tariffs i hear you. it's scary. it's a "once in a life time event" and "never been done before." whenever i feel like this, i look at this chart: the market has been through a lot and will continue to go through a lot, and has always come back. remember these simple principles: 1. you are not smarter than the market, so buy the market. 2. avoid the noise and keep buying through thick and thin. 3. if you are in a low-cost, well diversified portfolio, none of this should matter to you. i'm going to keep dcaing, avoid the political noise, and think 10/20/30 years out. as the money guy show says - whenever it doubt, zoom out! edit: another point from good old buffett:
trump to impose $100,000 fee per year for h-1b visas, in blow to tech [
deepseek uses nvidia's h800 chips, so why are nvidia investors panicking? deepseek leverages nvidia's h800 chips, a positive for nvidia. so why the panic among investors? likely concerns over broader market trends, chip demand, or overvaluation. it’s a reminder that even good news can’t always offset bigger fears in the market. thoughts?
how market manipulation works at about 8.30 am trump posted on his truth social (djt)platform: **"this is a great time to buy!!! djt"** to the unsuspecting eye, he simply signed that post with his initials. to those in the know, you know exactly what he was saying: **"....time to buy djt"** and they did, djt ran up about 9% in no time at all. and if you read posts on truth social they were all giddy that trump gave them a head's up. trump's stake in djt went up by millions (he owns around 3b last i read). a 9% gain on 3 billion is a tidy sum. and that was in a matter of minutes. but he wasn't done. a couple of hours later trump announced a pause on tariffs, china being the exception and the market blew up (in the way we like). **right this moment djt is up 20% so trump has seen a $600,000,000 gain in a few hours.** if this isn't market manipulation i don't know what is. he juiced the market before making any announcements, and he's now $600,000,000 richer for it.
fyi: i’m not f**king leaving i sold back in 2020 during the pandemic. almost exactly five years to the day. market plummeted. circuit breakers. sports cancelled. unknown virus. quarantine. i sold everything and trotted to the sidelines. then the market ripppppeedddd higher. i learned my lesson. i was certain the world was headed to hell. and a 10 year depression was coming. instead i missed out on a lot of gains because i didn’t get back in soon enough. all that being said i’m riding this out. if you all really think the macro conditions are so bad and uncertain and sell then that’s okay. because i’m probably the one buying your shares. i’m going down with the ship this time. i felt several times more uncertain 5 years ago than now. and i’m very very uncertain now. this could result in several years of negative returns but also it might not. you can’t lose on the sidelines but you also can’t win. so i’m not triggering those capital gains taxes. i’m staying in
it’s time to get off reddit if you’re freaking out about your portfolio, sell a little bit to have some cash so you can sleep at night and then delete your apps and stop going on reddit. if there’s one thing we know about redditors, it’s how often they get things wrong. remember when reddit made us believe kamala was going to destroy trump in a landslide? and no i am not a trump supporter. your future self will thank you.
is oracle just softbank wearing a mask? let me get this straight: * oracle announces $455b in rpos through 2030, driving stock up 40% in a single day * $300b of this (66%) depends on a single contract with openai starting in 2027 * openai's funding for this contract comes from softbank's $500b stargate commitment * softbank's total assets are $300b - meaning they'd need to liquidate their entire company just for the oracle deal * this is the same softbank that valued wework at $47b then watched it collapse, promised $108b for vision fund 2 but only raised $56b, and has a 30+ year track record of overpromising and underdelivering * softbank funding is contingent on openai converting from a nonprofit to a for-profit, which california ag is investigating and could require a $30b+ payment * even if all this works out, oracle's rpo delivery doesn't start until 2027 - giving 2+ years for this house of cards to collapse * oracle's current market cap surge assumes a company with $168b in assets and under $15b in q1 2025 revenue will somehow deploy $800b+ across multiple ai infrastructure commitments so oracle's stock price is essentially a 3x leveraged bet on softbank's ability to fund commitments that exceed their entire balance sheet, while navigating regulatory hurdles, legal challenges, and their own history of spectacular failures?
trump: u.s. will set tariff rates in 2-3 weeks, walking back negotiations president trump said friday the u.s. will unilaterally set tariff rates for many trading partners in the coming weeks, citing a lack of capacity to negotiate with so many countries simultaneously. why it matters: the u.s. already did that to some degree, on "liberation day" last month, then paused most of those rates after a global market panic sent stocks plunging and interest rates soaring. trump's original goal of making 90 deals during that 90-day pause has run into the reality of trade negotiations being far more complex than putting a number on paper.
trade war fallout: cancellations of chinese freight ships begin as bookings plummet the number of canceled sailings of freight vessels out of china is picking up as ocean carriers attempt to manage a pullback in orders due to the trade war and tariffs. a steep decline in containers being shipped to the u.s. will have a big impact on the supply chain, from port to trucking, rail and warehouse economics. “we won’t go to zero containers, but we will see a decrease in containers and as a result, in the future we will see a massive raft of blank sailings announced,” one freight expert tells cnbc.
amazon tariff labels trigger political backlash — shares drop 2% amazon will soon display a number next to the price of each product indicating the tariff rate applied. the white house called this a hostile and political action by amazon. cnbc: amazon clarified that it is only considering showing tariff surcharges on low-cost, frequently purchased products (haul products), after reports that amazon wanted to display tariff costs for each product, which the white house called hostile and political and sent amazon shares down 2% this morning.
robinhood froze my ~$160k account 18+ months ago after misreading a police email i’m posting from a throwaway because this whole thing has been a nightmare and i don’t want it tied back to my main. about a year and a half ago my ex, who was very abusive, filed an online report saying i was selling weed after i finally left her. i’m in texas, so the cops went all in. they arrested me, searched my house, took all my electronics and paperwork, and even towed both of my cars and ripped through them. the only “drugs” they found were legal cbd gummies and a couple of cbd drinks i bought from a shop by a college, and i had receipts for everything. their own field test and then the lab both came back with no thc. i was never charged with anything. they still tried to take my stuff using civil forfeiture, so i hired a lawyer and spent around 50k fighting it. that case is now over. all my property has been returned and there are no charges and no open criminal cases against me. during the investigation, one cop sent a generic “this person is under investigation” email to all my banks and to robinhood. it was not a court order, not a levy, nothing that said “freeze this account.” all of my banks and credit card companies ignored it. only robinhood decided to lock my brokerage account. the account is around 160k, mostly in three big stocks i’ve held since the covid crash. since then, the police and the city attorney have put in writing that there is no hold, no lien, no legal freeze, and that they don’t plan to go after my robinhood funds at all. they’ve looked at the original email and basically said robinhood misread it and treated it like something it isn’t. robinhood has kept the account frozen for more than 18 months now. every time i contact support, i get the same copy-paste answer about “our team is reviewing this, we can’t give a timeline.” i’ve filed complaints with regulators. the lawyer who handled the forfeiture case has a hearing on the 15th where he’s going to ask a judge to officially say there was never any freeze or lien, but he doesn’t really know robinhood/finra stuff and i don’t have money for a second lawyer. meanwhile i’m sitting on credit card debt and money i owe family while my savings are locked. can robinhood legally keep my account frozen this long when there’s no court order, no lien, and no seizure according to the city attorney and police, or is this something i can realistically take to arbitration or court and expect to win? what legal steps, if any, actually exist to force them to act instead of just sending the same “under review” response? for the hearing on the 15th, i don’t even know what my lawyer should be asking the judge for beyond some kind of order clearly saying there was never any freeze or lien and nothing on the government side stopping robinhood from releasing my funds. i’ve also wondered if it’s even possible for a judge to order the police or city to send some kind of “release” email when the police are saying there was never a freeze in the first place. if i do end up in arbitration or a lawsuit, i’d like to know whether there’s any realistic chance of getting extra damages for how long this has gone on and the financial mess it’s caused, or if it usually just ends with the account finally being opened. and i’d really appreciate guidance on what type of lawyer actually handles this kind of robinhood/finra situation and how to find one who knows what they’re doing.
if everyone simply says "buy the s&p", what's the point of r/investing?? to start, let me say that investing in an s&p 500 index fund can be a great idea. not arguing against that. what i'd like to have is a friendly discussion about **investing as a hobby**. it seems like everyone on here simply advocates for buying an s&p 500 index fund, or similar broad market index fund. while that can certainly generate nice returns over time, there are a lot of people out there who genuinely enjoy the process of investing and would rather build a portfolio based on their personal research. have we given up the art and science of portfolio construction in the name of laziness or apathy? i believe there is real behavioral value in owning stocks because you believe in them, whether based on technical research, or because of positive experiences you've had as a customer. buying a broad market index fund is just so boring! i believe that the emotional detachment of index funds actually leads to issues with people wanting to time the market because they don't have anything to believe in.
stock futures slip after china says trade talks haven’t even started. stock futures slipped thursday after china said that it had no ongoing trade talks with the u.s., dashing investors’ hopes of an ease in tensions between the two nations. “at present there are absolutely no negotiations on the economy and trade between china and the u.s.,” said ministry of commerce spokesperson he yadong.
tesla board opened search for a ceo to succeed elon musk with profits and stock price sinking, board members told musk he needed to spend more time at company. about a month ago, with tesla’s tsla -3.38%decrease; red down pointing triangle stock sinking and some investors irritated about elon musk’s white house focus, tesla’s board got serious about looking for musk’s successor.
what i found fascinating while reading jensen huang’s biography i read jensen huang's biograph lately(the thinking machine) and i found some interesting stories in it. i wanted to share with you. 1.when jensen huang immigrated to the u.s. as a kid, he ended up in a small rural town and got bullied pretty badly. but instead of reacting with defiance or lashing out, he just smiled and brushed it off. calm and quiet resilience. he later said he got into physical training thanks to a roommate, and he started doing tons of push-ups. eventually, his build changed and that might’ve naturally put an end to the bullying. 2.he was really good at table tennis. he seriously considered going pro during his school years. even after founding nvidia, he kept a ping pong table in the office, tucked away in the corner. 3.he’s always been this upbeat, warm-hearted kind of guy. he didn’t like cutting people loose. that’s why nvidia’s hiring process was notoriously tough. his philosophy was that if you hire carefully, you won’t need to fire. at a public meeting one day, he pressed a junior employee, asking, “what value are you delivering here at nvidia compared to what you’re paid?” the guy was crushed by it. but later, when that same employee was diagnosed with a rare illness, jensen tried to cover his treatment personally from his own pocket. 4.he wasn’t like this back in his amd days, but once he became a ceo, “hwaung's rage” became a thing. not in a toxic but more like explosive passion when he disagrees with something. people say that "if you’ve experienced his rage, you’ve become part of the inner circle at nvidia" 5.around 2014(i don't remember exactly) a junior engineer who was lazy but quite creative noticed a potential link between deep learning and nvidia chips. despite having a relatively low performance record, the guy went straight to jensen and pitched his idea with everything he had. maybe he figured he had nothing to lose. jensen listened. then he ripped the roadmap off the wall and declared, “this is our future.” from that moment on, nvidia bet everything on ai. cuda became the heart of their strategy, and they poured everything into developing gpus optimized for machine learning.
atlanta fed predicts -1.5% gdp growth in first quarter. this is a dramatic departure from just last month when they predicted +3.9% growth. the atlanta federal reserve is projecting a contraction of the nation’s gross domestic product (gdp) of 1.5 percent in the first quarter, flashing a warning sign for the u.s. economy. the projection is a significant shift for the atlanta fed over the last few weeks that comes a little more than a month after president trump took office. the atlanta fed last week was predicting 2.3 percent positive growth for the first quarter. a month ago, it was registering 3.9 percent growth. the atlanta fed’s gdpnow measure is not an official forecast but rather a running estimate of real gdp growth based on data as it comes in. the first quarter ends at the end of march, and gdp will be officially calculated by the commerce department. but the forward-looking indicator’s major drop will still be of significant concern to policymakers, economists and markets alike, especially as fourth-quarter gdp registered a strong second estimate this week. gdp from october to december came in at a healthy annualized rate of 2.3 percent, as reported by the commerce department on thursday. third-quarter growth came in at a robust 3.1 percent, and second-quarter growth came in at 3 percent.
moody’s downgrades jpmorgan, bank of america, wells fargo in blow to u.s. banks moody’s ratings on monday downgraded the long-term ratings of several of america’s largest banks, including jpmorgan chase & co (nyse:jpm), bank of america corp (nyse:bac), and wells fargo & company (nyse:wfc), citing weakened prospects of federal support following friday’s u.s. sovereign downgrade. the move marks a rare blow to the top tier of the u.s. financial system and may raise borrowing costs and regulatory pressure on institutions still seen as systemically important. the rating agency lowered deposit ratings, senior unsecured debt, and counterparty risk assessments for key subsidiaries and branches of the banks to aa2 from aa1. these ratings had previously included a notch of uplift tied to the government’s aaa rating, support moody’s no longer deems as fully credible following the downgrade of u.s. sovereign debt to aa1. “the downgrade of the us government’s rating indicates that it has less ability to support the us’s global systemically important banks,” moody’s said. “the ratings and assessments downgraded in today’s action all previously incorporated one notch of us government support uplift and this notch of support has now been removed.”
trump announces sweeping new tariffs rock joke busy sugar seed memory voracious continue slim practice *this post was mass deleted and anonymized with [redact](
is this market too detached from the reality? nvidia is worth over $4.5 trillion. growth is clearly slowing, yet the price keeps climbing like it’s still 2021. tesla is another example, flat or declining sales, but the stock acts like it’s doubling profits every year. it’s starting to feel like valuations don’t matter at all anymore. bad news barely causes a dip, and everything just keeps getting pumped by passive flows and retirement funds. feels like we’re in a slow-motion bubble where fundamentals are ignored. people always say “you can’t time the market,” but how do you justify buying into this? s&p forward p/e is around dot-com levels. the money printing has cooled, layoffs are hitting, and inflation is still lingering. i don’t see how this keeps going.
how my parents missed out on millions by never investing! my parents are both 62 now, and they’ve never really gotten into investing. they have a small amount in iras—maybe around $15,000 combined—but that’s about it. they’ve always just kept their money in a regular savings account with their bank. no high-yield savings accounts, no stocks, no mutual funds, and not even certificates of deposit (cds). for decades, they’ve earned next to nothing in interest—probably less than $15 a month. growing up, we were a family of five. my dad earned around $85,000 a year, and my mom worked part-time, bringing in maybe $25,000 annually. we weren’t rich, but we were comfortable. they worked hard to provide for us, but they never prioritized investing or learned much about it. now, as they’re getting closer to retirement, my dad still plans to work for a while since he runs his own business and enjoys it. it’s honestly eye-opening to think about what could have been if they’d started investing earlier—like back in the '80s or '90s. even a little bit in the stock market over all those years could’ve made a huge difference. for me, i didn’t start investing until my late 20s because it wasn’t something we ever talked about at home. my parents never really understood it, so they never passed that knowledge down. it’s kind of surprising how much of an impact financial education (or lack of it) can have across generations.
house to vote on tax bill tonight if the bill passes (assuming no senate changes and approval): * we are all pretty screwed tax wise, millions will lose medicaid coverage. while 80% of households are projected to receive tax cuts in 2026, approximately 60% of the benefits would accrue to the top 20% of earners * defense spending will increase, golden dome contractors should see a piece of the $25b set aside for the project * yields are going higher than they are now, amid a downgrade, expect another, fed will be stepping in seems the best plays if this bill passes is ita and gld. i don't see any other place to park investments unless you believe qe will begin and we see bond prices start to rise again
eu must seize ‘unique opportunity’ to supplant us dollar dominance, says european central bank president european central bank chief lagarde argues that the eu has a rare chance to challenge us dollar dominance. in a speech at european parliament yesterday she urged to speed up draghi's reforms and complete the single market. further integration would boost the euro’s global role if coupled with rebuilding of hard power. she argues that the instability in us politics and markets has opened space for the eu to become a true global alternative. the us dollar already weakened a lot, like 10% down since trump took office. lagarde said that the eu could move to replace the us dollar simply by speeding up reforms. - rebuild europe's hard power - speed up ever-closer union - complete the single market - new trade deals
volvo to cut up to 800 us jobs as trump's tariffs bite new york (reuters) - volvo group plans to lay off as many as 800 workers at three u.s. facilities over the next three months due to market uncertainty and demand concerns in the face of president donald trump's tariffs, a spokesperson said on friday. volvo group north america said in a statement it has told employees it plans to lay off 550-800 people at its mack trucks site in macungie, pennsylvania, and two volvo group facilities in dublin, virginia, and hagerstown, maryland. the company, part of sweden's ab volvo, employs nearly 20,000 people in north america, according to its website.
u.s. house passes $3.8 t “big beautiful bill” — 30-yr treasury hits 5.1 %, global bond rout (may 23 2025) tl;dr: • the house just green-lit trump’s 1,100-page tax-and-spend monster by a single vote. cbo says +$3.8 t to the deficit over 10 yrs. • moody’s already yanked the last aaa last week; today’s vote pours gasoline on the fire. • 30-yr yield spiked to 5.13 %, highest since oct-23; japan and uk yields followed. • dollar slips, gold +1 %, bitcoin at ath $111 k. solar/green names crater as subsidies face the axe. why it matters: 1. higher term premium → equities must re-rate; every 25 bp ≈ 3–4 % valuation hit on long-duration tech. 2. curve steepening punishes everything financed “long-short” (think private credit, cre). 3. if senate trims the bill, relief rally; if not, brace for more forced selling of treasuries by overseas reserve managers. my playbook: keeping <3 yr duration, adding tips, overweight energy and eu value, sprinkling btc as fiscal-hedge lotto ticket. not investment advice, dyor.
the federal government investing in a private business: "i've got a baaaad feeling about this..." first of all, does "taking a stake in" mean effectively the same thing as "buying 10% of the stock of"? yeah, the goal nominally is to help intel stay afloat; i fear that it will morph into something else -- and probably worse. * will "the government" have a seat on the board? (will it be trump?) * will "the government" have a say on who intel can sell to, and not; or setting pricing; or other business decisions? * will "the government" expect to ***make a profit*** off its investment? (that just seems wrong to me.) * what else could go wrong here? if this is an example of "running government like a business", i just feel queasy about it -- kinda the same feeling in the tummy that you had when you neglected to study for a math test, y'know?
sex robot industry investments? what’s the best sex robot industry investment? i’m interested in exploring sex robots industry investments. can someone give me tips on the topic? are there any established players, startups, etc? if you’ve looked into it, what were your findings? - i believe robotics is one of the next big fields. - i believe the sex industry is prime for disruption since it’s so huge financially, yet a lot of it is illegal and thus way unoptimized - it’s clientele is discrete so early fails would not endanger the product too much - std-s are a big factor that can be removed via robots so, what are your ideas? update: the best sounding advice from the thread is that “traditional” robot makers are likely the best play here (including robo etfs). the logic behind it is that companies like tesla or xpeng will likely produce android core products, that other companies will customize for use cases like the sex industry. so trying to guess the company focused on the sex bots is likely way harder than guessing who will build the “core” of any bot out there.
buffett's berkshire takes $4.3b alphabet stake, cuts apple in q3 warren buffett's berkshire hathaway disclosed a new $4.3 billion position in alphabet during q3, while reducing its apple holdings. the filing showed exits from d.r. horton and top additions including alphabet, chubb, domino's pizza, siriusxm, and lamar advertising. bank of america also saw significant cuts. **timeline of events** * 16:12 cnbc: warren buffett's berkshire hathaway reveals new position in alphabet * 16:05 sec: berkshire hathaway inc files 13f-hr * 12:40 wallstengine: visualization of top corporate cash piles; jpm, bac, brk, citi lead in americas; allianz & icbc near $700b * 10:08 yahoo finance: berkshire without buffett: what’s next for the company and the stock * 08:45 seeking alpha: why berkshire hathaway remains a core buy going into 2026 * 08:03 benzinga: kimberly-clark, thermo fisher, berkshire hathaway featured on cnbc's final trades
economist warns that elon musk is about to cause a "deep, deep recession"
republicans less trusted on economy than democrats for first time in years
trump's first 50 days mark one of the worst starts for the s&p 500 under any presidency
us tourism to suffer huge '£49 billion drop' under donald trump
trump admin disbands panels responsible for calculating gdp and collecting economic data
this is the stock market’s worst start to a presidential term in modern history
50 years of tax cuts for the rich failed to trickle down, economics study says
‘trump caved and got zero in return': pundits, economists, and analysts slam trump's trade deal
trump refuses to share pre-holiday inflation report — first skipped month in 12 years
75% of americans report soaring prices as trump claims inflation ‘over’
americans under 30 are so miserable that the u.s. just fell to a historically low ranking in the world happiness report
farmer says ‘we’re in a very dire situation’ ahead of harvest—with zero soybean orders from china, historically the largest buyer
america is just weeks away from a mighty economic shock
fed chair warns the economy is even worse than we realized
breaking: e.j. antoni, trump's candidate to lead the bureau of labor statistics, is now suggesting suspending the agency’s monthly jobs report.
trump is about to bet the economy on a theory that makes no sense
u.s. employment report will not be published again as shutdown causes economic data blackout
six republican states 'targeted' by eu retaliatory tariffs as trump sparks trade war
trump's trade war could claim a new victim: canada and europe are reconsidering $150 million lockheed martin fighter jets
rural america is dying out, with 81% of rural counties recording more deaths than births
foreign tourism into the u.s. is suddenly reversing and is now expected to drop, due in part to 'polarizing тrump administration policies and rhetoric'
trump is now running the worst economy since his last term in office
doge says it has saved $160 billion. those cuts have cost taxpayers $135 billion, one analysis says.
from $500 to $5000: millennials are watching their monthly student loan payments skyrocket under trump and panicking on tiktok
the government shutdown is now the longest - and likely the most damaging in us history
'has hell frozen over?': las vegas tourism is in trouble
trump official says president ready to meet mexico, canada 'in the middle'
millionaire tax that inspired mamdani fuels $5.7 billion haul in massachusetts
world leaders conspire to form trade org without us as trump keeps threatening countries with tariffs
trump slaps 104% tariff on china, effective midnight, confirms white house
trump says he’ll fire labor statistics head after weak jobs data
most americans can’t afford life anymore — and they just don’t matter to the economy like they once did
trump’s one big beautiful bill will push us debt levels beyond those of greece or italy, imf forecast predicts
trump is slowly but surely killing u.s. economy, experts warn
tourism to the us is declining at a rapid pace.
the walmart effect. new research suggests that the company makes the communities it operates in poorer—even taking into account its famous low prices.
canada will respond to trump tariffs ‘like they’ve never seen before,’ says ontario premier
most americans say economy is getting worse but republican views do backflip | us economy
price correction "worse than 2008" coming to us housing market
u.s. economy is experiencing ‘death by a thousand cuts’, says deutsche bank, as confidence in national debt management erodes
flight bookings from canada to the us plummet over 70%
trump acknowledges ‘inflation is back’ but blames biden
china slaps retaliatory tariffs of 84% on u.s. goods in response to trump
trump’s tax bill to cost 830,000 jobs and drive up bills and pollution emissions, experts warn
judge directs trump administration to comply with order to unfreeze federal grants
las vegas compared to ghost town as tourism dips: ‘we’re starting to freak out’
majority of ai researchers say tech industry is pouring billions into a dead end
government deficit rose 4% in trump’s first full month in office, despite doge. ubs says the u.s. is slashing confidence, not spending
the u.s. debt outlook is so dire it now resembles the student loan crisis, former white house economic adviser says
elon musk got schooled by an economics professor over his remarks on medicare, social security as immigration lure: 'complete fiction'
trump just eliminated the $800 duty-free exemption for imports from china. it could be a disaster for small businesses.
snap funding expiration set to hit 40 million people
trump set to announce biggest tax increase on americans in decades
fed chair jerome powell says u.s. may be drastically overstating jobs numbers
elon musk, vivek ramaswamy call remote work a 'covid-era privilege.' economists say it's here to stay
stephen moore: trump's tariffs are 'misguided and 'sinking' the economy
inflation outpacing wage growth for over 40% of americans, report says
confirmed: america is in a serious jobs slump
europe can import disillusioned talent from trump’s us, says lagarde
education department officially kills save plan for student loans
the number of 18-year-olds is about to drop sharply, packing a wallop for colleges — and the economy
powell confirms that the fed would have cut by now were it not for tariffs
federal reserve gov. lisa cook responds to trump: ‘i will not resign’
us hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic
the biden administration is ‘cracking down’ on banks by imposing a $5 cap on overdraft fees, calling them ‘junk fees’
the ai bubble is 17 times the size of the dot-com frenzy — and four times the subprime bubble, analyst says
auto industry warns it could shut down inside two weeks as trump’s tariffs hit
white house says october jobs and inflation data may never be released because of the shutdown
elon musk warns federal reserve may face doge audit
treasury now says shutdown is costing us economy $15bn daily
gen z are dipping into their retirements, skipping meals and selling their belongings just to get by, new reports find
trump news at a glance: more than 100,000 federal workers to quit on tuesday in largest ever mass resignation
trump effectively pulls us out of global corporate tax deal
most of billionaires’ $7.6 trillion has never been taxed - americans for tax fairness
trump faces backlash from business as tariffs ignite inflation fears
boomers want to axe property taxes. millennials and gen z would pay for it.
gen z men with college degrees now have the same unemployment rate as non-grads—a sign that the higher education payoff is dead
the walmart effect: new research suggests that the company makes the communities it operates in poorer—even taking into account its famous low prices.
u.s. travel association warns of economic tourism disaster after thousands of canadian tourists cancel trips in protest
‘shock to the system’: farmers hit by trump’s tariffs and cuts say they need another bailout
trump’s bid to add cane sugar to coke would cost america thousands of agricultural jobs, trade group warns
zero ships from china are bound for california’s top ports. officials haven’t seen that since the pandemic
the california job-killer that wasn’t : the state raised the minimum wage for fast-food workers, and employment kept rising. so why has the law been proclaimed a failure?
rural america is suffering an economic crisis as crop prices plunge — ‘u.s. soybean farmers cannot survive a prolonged trade dispute’
hundreds of struggling arkansas farmers ask federal government to save them
us consumer spending posts first drop in almost two years
u.s. added over 900,000 fewer jobs than previously known
trump canceling gdp report comes under scrutiny
donald trump just delivered the worst three months of job growth since the pandemic
are we suddenly close to a recession? here's what the data actually shows.
western executives who visit china are coming back terrified
the us dollar is predicted to depreciate another 10 percent next year, after already depreciating 11 percent in the first half of 2025.
trump’s claim that low tariffs caused the great depression is false, economist says: here's what really happened...
trump's tariffs blocked by federal trade court
trump scraps tariffs on beef, coffee and tropical fruit in a push to lower grocery store prices
postal traffic to u.s. fell 80% after trump administration stopped exemption on low-value parcels
buy canadian movement starts to take a sizable bite out of u.s. business
cbo says tax breaks in ‘big, beautiful bill’ would increase deficit by $3.8 trillion
rising stock prices “won’t fix this”: u.s. banks are sitting on $500b worth of unrealized losses
trump has pummelled the us to the edge of recession. "a blizzard of executive orders, job cuts and punitive tariffs have destabilised large parts of the us economy and stoked concerns about a possible recession"
these u.s. states face big electricity bill as canada refuses to pause tariffs
brothel revenue down 20%, strip club revenue down 12%: alternative recession indicators like underwear and online dating flash red
$107,794,000,000,000 of us national wealth controlled by just 10% of population, according to federal reserve
despite trump's best efforts to reshore manufacturing, blue-collar employment is plunging for the first time since the pandemic with 59,000 lost jobs
most trump tariffs ruled illegal in blow to white house trade policy
us liquor exports to canada drop 85 percent
trump administration rescinds order attempting to freeze federal aid spending
the fed just 'trump-proofed' itself with a unanimous move to preempt a potential leadership shakeup
cars are so expensive that buyers need seven-year loans
the median renter in america has a net worth of $10,400. the median homeowner’s net worth is $400,000
i was obama’s budget director. it’s time to worry about the national debt.
trump says all u.s. trade negotiations with canada are terminated
the rich are getting so rich they have their own wealth gap
economists are seriously alarmed about official data under trump
microsoft seemingly just revealed that openai lost $11.5b last quarter
the white house estimates realpage software caused u.s. renters to spend an extra $3.8 billion last year
us factories suffer ‘unprecedented’ rise in unsold stock
millions of gen zers are jobless—and unemployment is mainly affecting men
just now: trump announces 10 percent tariffs on all imports, europe and china will face rates 2 and 3 times as high (nyt gift article)
nursing is no longer counted as a 'professional degree' by trump admin
most ceos say trump policy has harmed their businesses, new survey finds
copper now costs way more in the u.s. than elsewhere. this could hit its economy hard
trump claims tariffs will make the u.s. 'rich again.' but 5 undisputed facts about how they work throw cold water on that notion: - study found that, steel aside, “u.s. consumers have borne the entire incidence of u.s. tariffs.”
alabama faces a ‘demographic cliff’ as deaths surpass births
foreign investors are dumping u.s. stocks at near-record pace
u.s. hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic
massachusetts collected $2 billion more in tax revenue than expected because of millionaires tax
trump thinks the us holds all the cards on trade. he is misguided.
trump tariffs live updates: white house threatens even more tariffs on canada as trade war escalates
more americans say trump has helped raise prices rather than lower them: survey
work-life balance continues to decline in the us, placing it last among developed countries in 2025
americans are tipping less than they have in years
americans' job anxiety soars to highest level in 10 years
millions of americans are ignoring their student loan bills
there is no utopia waiting on the other side of trump's economy
japan’s panic bond sell-off should send shivers down trump’s spine
is trump bringing the second republican great depression to our door?
trump drops the hammer on farmworkers - at the end of the season, he cuts wages of 400,000 workers by a third.
america’s car debt bomb goes off—major lender folds under $500 million load
wall street’s recession odds are starting to look like a coin flip as trump refuses to back down on his trade war
trump blinked
irs braces for $500bn drop in revenue as taxpayers skip filings in wake of doge cuts
ambrose evans-pritchard- economists are starting to worry about a serious trump recession
trump mobile's made-in-us iphone 17 competitor is really made in china
nearly 1,500 flights canceled on second day of cuts tied to government shutdown
u.s. stock futures plunge ahead of monday open as trump tariffs shock continues
38% gen z adults suffering from 'midlife crisis', stuck in 'vicious cycle' of financial, job stress
the trump administration may exclude government spending from gdp, obscuring the impact of doge cuts
americans putting life on hold amid economic anxiety under trump, poll shows
fed's kashkari says rising bond yields, falling dollar show investors are moving on from the u.s.
nobody’s buying homes, nobody’s switching jobs—and america’s mobility is stalling
millions of americans are becoming economically invisible
trump’s redneck recession hits his working-class base the hardest
the gen z gender pay gap has reversed with young women earning more than young men – so what’s up with boys?
trump freezes u.s. law banning bribery of foreign officials
vanishing immigration is the ‘real story’ for the economy and a bigger supply shock than tariffs, analyst says
trumponomics 2.0 will erode the foundations of america’s prosperity
trump promised his tariffs would create jobs. they’re already destroying them.
$3,500 gold means “life in america is about to change in ways few can imagine,” economist says
as microsoft lays off thousands and jacks up game pass prices, former ftc chair says i told you so: the activision-blizzard buyout is 'harming both gamers and developers'
trump about to trigger greatest trade diversion ever seen
trump tariffs to reduce us deficits by $1 trillion less than previous estimate, cbo says
china will not bow to us pressure after trump threatens additional 50% tariffs
goldman economists on the gen z hiring nightmare: ‘jobless growth’ is probably the new normal
economic alarm bells are ringing everywhere
the whole country is starting to look like california. housing prices are rising fast in red and purple states known for being easy places to build. how can that be?
trump administration to markets: don't expect a rescue
us hits highest layoffs since covid
scoop: trump administration warns of "insufficient funds" for food stamps if shutdown continues
texas ranks as no. 1 state with the most people in financial distress
trump buys at least $82 million in bonds since late august, disclosures show
trump asks the supreme court for an emergency order to remove lisa cook from the fed board
trump says us will place 25% tariffs on goods from mexico, canada
700 billion reasons – elon musk’s multi-billion dollar balancing act is breaking tesla
u.s. economy is facing a long-term slowdown, crimped by debt and declining birth rates, cbo says
us bond sell-off is creating a debt spiral
u.s. egg prices soar to record high, despite donald trump's prediction
trump announces 100% tariffs on movies ‘produced in foreign lands’
microsoft asks all its foreign staff to return to us by sunday after trump's h1-b bombshell
top economist sounds the alarm even louder on the housing market and says homebuilders are ‘giving up’
trump’s big bet: americans will tolerate economic downturn to restore manufacturing
dollar falls on u.s. government shutdown, now on pace for worst annual decline in 22 years
russia is 'teetering on the brink of a recession' and headed for a disastrous harvest, while putin's other top source of cash plunges
federal reserve rings every alarm bell about trump’s economy
majority of us companies say they have to raise prices due to trump tariffs
electricity prices are climbing more than twice as fast as inflation
no, new york city’s wealthiest are not fleeing the city after mamdani’s win
larry summers banned for life from american economic association in wake of jeffrey epstein emails
a quarter of us shoppers have dumped favorite stores over political stances
live updates: senate to vote on bill terminating trump’s canada tariffs
‘we are guilty of spending our rainy-day fund in sunny weather’: top economists, historians unite to urge action on $38 trillion national debt
the clock is ticking down to zero, and trump needs a trade deal — badly
trump delays tariffs as the rest of the world plays hardball
trump tariffs on canada, mexico and china begin saturday, white house says
usda approves soda ban for food stamps in nebraska, reversing decades of policy.
dc housing market in chaos as federal employees panic
top economist on the economy’s dirty truth: the only people who feel good are ‘making over $200,000’ and ‘have large stock portfolios’
the housing market is no longer a wealth-building engine as home prices continue to slump
trump’s plan to fix egg price crisis is already falling apart
gen z’s radical role reversal: women want careers, men want children
us unemployment rate hits four-year high of 4.6%
trump says he’s doubling tariffs on canadian steel, aluminum
more than 9mn us borrowers miss student loan payments as delinquencies rise.
'extremely regrettable': trump admin confesses to major 'blunder' in new deal with japan
recession alarms are ringing on wall street. here are 4 warnings economists are pointing to.
now brace for the full fallout of trump's global shake-down
china imposes 34% tariffs on all us imports as retaliation
killing the goose that laid the golden egg: why america’s billionaires are playing themselves - factkeepers.com
divided fed holds rates steady, again defying trump
top economists and jerome powell agree that gen z’s hiring nightmare is real—and it’s not about ai eating entry-level jobs
us treasury announces full-scale bailout for argentina: bond purchase, swap, and credit line
wall street is turning its back on trump and flashing an economic warning
u.s. tourism just lost its big-spending tourists to its friendliest ally
americans are holding onto devices longer than ever and it's costing economy
republicans quietly cede power to cancel trump’s tariffs, avoiding a tough vote
around 9,500 truck drivers have been pulled off the road for failing to meet english-language proficiency requirements reinstated by the trump administration
the social security tsunami: payments could be cut by 23%, doubling the poverty rate for america's seniors
trump’s china tariff deal is about to come back to bite him
trump's 'big beautiful bill' is projected to add $3.4 trillion to the debt, budget office says
jerome powell on signs of an ai bubble and an economy leaning too hard on the rich: ‘unusually large amounts of economic activity’
u.s. economy shrunk 0.3% in the first quarter as trump policy uncertainty weighed on businesses
crypto market hit the largest liquidation in history, $19 billion liquidated after trump’s new tariffs shock
america may be just weeks away from a mighty economic shock
us buys argentine pesos, finalizes $20 billion currency swap
americans see record-high beef prices as cattle ranchers see trump turn on them
fed expected to hold interest rates steady, defying trump
move over, 30-year mortgage. the trump white house is working on a 50-year option to break the housing market gridlock
the world does not owe trump's america a living
the ‘s&p 493’ reveals a very different u.s. economy
gen zers are defiantly ‘giving up’ on ever owning a home and are spending more than saving, working less, and making risky investments, study shows
donald trump meets an opponent he can’t face down: the bond market
costco joins companies suing for refunds if trump’s tariffs fall
bessent text leak: message suggests argentina bailout is backfiring
most of the us’ $800 billion in paycheck protection funds went to the richest 20%
donald trump fires person behind jobs numbers after they're revised down
six-figure earners are ‘living the illusion of affluence’ while working side hustles, skipping meals, and pretending venmo’s not working
china imports no us soybeans for second month, brazil arrivals up 29%
donald trump’s coercion descends into chaos — the us’s tariff policy evokes bafflement as well as fear
trump officials to cut air traffic in 40 major markets if shutdown continues
goldman sachs is getting worried about the economy
america's travel industry is in sharp decline
us trade deficit surges despite donald trump's tariffs
trump is losing his foolish trade war. this will cost ordinary americans greatly
as trump tariff fiasco worsens, even fox news is noticing: an economist explains what this reveals about the deeper failings driving his agenda—and what’s coming next.
trump's homemade tourism crisis: international travelers are growing skeptical of the u.s.
jim cramer says he is 'pro-tariff' and hates 'free trade:' 'it's cost us fortunes'
americans can’t afford their cars any more and wall street is worried. goldman sachs’ president warns ‘it’s not going to be pretty’ as default fears mount
this is what maga voted for, bankruptcy 🤡🤡
thousands of people are cancelling their disney, hulu, and espn subscriptions! boycott disney!
just in: tesla vehicles set on fire in targeted attack at las vegas service center. the people want elon musk, out now!
fox: this dodge ram truck was $80,000. it instantly just became $100,000 under trump’s tariff tax hike
trump's "tariff" numbers are just trade balance ratios these "tariff" numbers provided by the administration are just ludicrous. they don't reflect any version of reality where real tariffs are concerned. i was convinced they weren't just completely made up, though, and their talk about trade balances made me curious enough to dig in and try to find where they got these numbers. this guess paid off immediately. as far as i can tell with just a tiny bit of digging, almost all of these numbers are literally just the inverse of our trade balance as a ratio. every value i have tried this calculation on, it has held true. i'll just use the 3 highest as examples: ***cambodia: 97%*** us exports to cambodia: $321.6 m cambodia exports to us: 12.7 b ratio: 321.6m / 12.7 b = ~3% ***vietnam: 90%*** us exports to vietnam: $13.1 b vietnam exports to us: $136.6 b ratio: 13.1b / 136.6b = ~10% ***sri lanka: 88%*** us exports to sri lanka: $368.2 m sri lanka exports to us: $3.0 b ratio: ~12% what the administration appears to be calling a "97% tariff" by cambodia is in reality the fact that we export 97% less stuff to cambodia than they export to us. edit: the minimum 10% seems to have been applied when the trade balance ratio calculation resulted in a number lower than that, even if we actually have a trade *surplus* with that country.
elon is falling. people are canceling orders, selling tesla stock and boycotting tesla. smh
reporter: you took credit for the stock market.. now, the stock market is not doing so well and you say that is the biden stock market. yet you are the president. can you explain that?
the pattern continues unfortunately and i'm not a democrat
why do americans accept such infrastructure? there’s no reason for the people in the richest country to tolerate this.
irs says elon musk has lost a half trillion dollars for the us
maga about to find out how much america needs the world!
senator josh hawley reintroduces "pelosi act" bill to ban congress from trading stocks.
american goes to china, walks into a hospital, requests an mri, pays $70, and gets the results the next day. why is the us healthcare so dysfunctional and expensive?
in case you were curious for an update..
white house press briefing by press secretary karoline leavitt falsely says "tariffs are a tax cut for the american people" and then lashes out at ap's josh boak for pushing back.
fed chair jerome powell just said that the fed would have cut interest rates if not for trump’s tariffs. trump’s tariffs are to blame for rising costs.
maga logic
trump raises prescription drug costs by as much as 4200%. trump raises prescription drug costs by as much as 4200%. he just reversed all the cost caps biden negotiated for anyone on medicare or medicaid, over 120 million americans. he's pro big pharma -- and pro big insurance. he doesn't care about you. it was all lies.
elon wants to cut everything the working class need
reporter: tariffs are paid by the american importers and consumers. trump: no, they're not. they're paid for by the country. (he's really dumb)
guys...i think trump might be f*cking up the economy...
congressman tim burchett calls for nationwide stock trading ban on us politicians. congressman tim burchett calls for nationwide stock trading ban on us politicians. "if you wanna do insider stock trading, just get elected to congress."
trump’s tariff bluff just folded. from 145% “punishment” to “it won’t be zero” — the art of the backpedal.
senator josh hawley to reintroduce bill to ban congress from trading stocks. senator josh hawley to reintroduce bill to ban congress from trading stocks.
a devastating new report just dropped - and it’s embarrassing for trump: exactly zero companies have moved all their manufacturing to the united states since trump took office.
a food bank lined up with military members who didn’t receive a paycheck this week
chinese president xi jinping says "there are no winners in tariff wars, going against the world will only lead to self isolation."
farmer: bailouts don't work. trump is destroying our markets
$4 billion and counting i heard. smh!
you maga idiots did this to us.
this is what corruption looks like
tesla sales crash as drivers snub trump supporter elon musk
53% of americans say that billionaires threaten democracy. they also would like to see limits on wealth accumulation.
over $1.25 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today
trump as dementia
the new gilded age
$1.4 trillion was erased from the stock market today.
tarrifs are gone!
oh my god... median income in the us is just under 36,000!
breaking: all countries will get tariffs now, per trump
government shutdown breaking news:
this maga farmer needs mexican nationals to work on his farm and without them his business will go belly up!
majorie taylor greene: "prices have not come down at all. the job market is extremely difficult. wages have not gone up. health insurance is going up. home insurance goes up. rent is going up. young people have no hope of buying a home."
reporter: are you worried about a recession? trump: we’re going to take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and we’re going to become so rich, you’re not going to know where to spend the money
we are literally watching the us economy collapsing right before our eyes, here is a step by step play trump slaps 145% tariffs on china: 1) china inks a deal with brazil to buy their soybeans. china dropped its us soybean orders to just 1,800 tons’ worth in the week ending april 17 – down massively from 72,800 tons purchased the week before, (source: usda) 2) china inks a deal with spain (and other eu countries) to buy their pork. china then cancels a shipment of 12,000 tons of pork from the usa 3) trucking companies lay off drivers who transport goods from the farms to the ports. independent truckers can't get jobs. 4) longshoremen are now out of work from cancelled sailings and from the fact that china cancelled all terminal deliveries of chinese vessels because trump slapped them with a port fee. 5) the majority of christmas toys come from china. there will be bare shelves for christmas as the shipments are due to sail in 2 months time. toy companies, warehouses, and trucking are hit with layoffs as the warehouses will be bare. 6) germany announced that they move their gold reserve from usa to switzerland. 30 countries house their gold in the usa but now this is in question as the us economy is in question for stability. 7) the us dollar is falling. and that’s a bit odd. because this is happening at a time when us bond yields are rising. normally you’d see both these things lifting the dollar. also, when the world gets risky, global investors usually rush to the us. they buy us government bonds, convert their currencies into dollars. the dollar gets stronger. that’s how it’s always worked. but that’s not what we’re seeing this time. investors are swapping the dollar assets they hold for anything else — gold and even japanese and european bonds. basically, the dollar is losing its safe-haven status. there will be no quick fix for this as the slide of the us economy continues to build momentum and mass layoffs begin. update: many of you are just looking at only china but trump slapped tariffs on the entire world (except russia, belarus, and north korea). china is the example to a greater exodus from the us market. update #2 -u.s. employers posted 7.2 million vacancies in march, down from 7.5 million in february and 8.1 million in march 2024. it was the fewest number of openings since september and below the 7.5 million that economists had forecast. (source: washingtonpost). update #3 - the us economy shrunk 0.03% (source: ). so, we only need to see that the 2nd quarter shrinks and then the us is officially in a recession. no? this is the first retraction of the us economy since 2022.
reporter: “china is saying it is fake news that you had a meeting.” trump: “they had a meeting this morning.” reporter: “who’s they?” trump: “doesn’t matter who ‘they’ is.” 🤡
90 trade deals in 90 days tracker: day 64: still zero.
marjorie taylor greene: "this $40 billion bailout for argentina. that's probably one of the grossest things i've ever seen."
rand paul has spoken
white house press secretary was wearing a dress made in... china... while promoting trade war. so, here came the response — an informative trolling.
mike pence: i saw sec bessent speaking glowingly about the projection of $300b in tariffs revenue this year. well, tariffs are a tax. american importers, businesses and ultimately consumers end up paying all of that... we're paying that.
trump: 25% tariffs on all cars not made in the usa.
just a total disaster waiting to happen. 40% of cargo ships leaving china for the u.s. were empty today. empty shelves coming to you soon.
this
while americans can’t afford groceries, trump is now building a qatari military facility in idaho.
this was done without tyranny.
this farmer is asked about the possible trump bailout for us farmers. his response: "the president of the united states is going to take my money, and give it back to me, and call it a bailout? that's just comical."
whoa really? elon is sinking deeper and deeper, slowly.
what? smh! 🤝
when did we decide this? tax billionaires out of existence!
republicans reveal trump tax plan will cost us $4.5 trillion
trump’s new proposal: 50-year mortgage. how about building more homes and creating a society where people can pay off the debt in 15 years?
how is this possible? hello guys, i saw this post and it gave me questions: how can the s&p 500 keep growing to historical highs when we are not putting more people into the economy to spend? this is counterproductive; it doesn't make sense. i saw a video saying we are now in a financialization phase, which means you get richer investing in the stock market than creating real value and means for society. maybe this will explain this graph. please give your opinions because the world seems to be changing a lot.
the sheer audacity
“american businesses have been absorbing trump’s tariffs so far, but eventually the burden will be shifted on to american consumers” — fed chair powell
reality upset trump, time for alternative facts!
companies and individuals rally against elon musk and tesla by dumping the stocks.
breaking: bitcoin falls -$4,000 in 2 hours as mass liquidations return. $400 million worth of levered longs have been liquidated over the last 60 minutes. degenerate gamblers who levered up on debt to speculate on digital tulip bulbs are going to be liquidating assets to cover margin calls.
the blindingly obvious goal of trump’s tariffs that everyone seems to be missing... i keep seeing confusion about what trump’s trying to accomplish with his new “tariffs on the world (except russia, of course)” strategy. some have come up with partial truths, like him crashing the economy so that his billionaire friends can sell in advance, short the market then buy the dip, and further consolidating industries by knocking out small and medium sized businesses (eg. and while those may be side benefits, it misses his by far most important motive: **his goal with these tariffs is to force any corporations that want to survive to submit to his direct control & “buy” his favor (a, by definition, fascist takeover fwiw).** this is classic mob boss “carrot & stick persuasion” tactics & they are **terrifyingly** effective. **by imposing mixed levels of industry and country-specific tariffs & making it clear that these are all being imposed (& removed)** ***at his will*****, trump is able to dramatically (& immediately) influence nearly every company’s relative costs & competitiveness.** **within an astonishingly short period (likely just a matter of weeks or months) this financial control will force even the largest companies to submit to his demands in order to get the specific tariffs driving up the cost of \*their\* products & supply chains reduced or removed. those who don't play by his rules will end up having to charge more & profit less, & will eventually be driven out of business by the competition that does play along.** with this latest move, he’s given the ceos & board rooms of america a **very clear, stark choice**: do whatever he says (likely including in the long term purging your company of anyone who publicly opposes him & no longer advertising on platforms that allow opposition messaging), publicly praise him and “donate” millions to his “campaign" (for a 3rd term?), and the tariffs that most directly affect your bottom line will be magically reduced or removed overnight. do anything he doesn’t like, in contrast, and he’ll reimpose or increase them instead. his calculus is simple: he’s got another 3 1/2 years of executive power, minimum (you’re dreaming if you think both the republican-controlled house & 2/3rds of the senate would ever vote to remove him, and even if they did, vance would likely just continue with these tactics). most ceos can only survive a year ***at most*** of continually losing market share to the competitors that *are* willing to pay to play before they’ll be replaced by someone more compliant. this means that by the 2026 midterms, any remaining corporate opposition will be substantially weakened and on its way out the door. by 2028, they will be utterly marginalized or gone. for anyone who thinks this is alarmist, you only have to look at the brazen effectiveness of his most recent targeted attacks via executive order on the nation’s largest law firms. law firms that had previously participated in cases against him (or his cronies) have been individually named and prohibited from entering federal buildings (obviously a necessity to participate in federal court cases), had their security clearances threatened and been banned from working with federal agencies (often a multimillion dollar portion of their business). the result? one by one, **and within just a few weeks**, they’ve all bent the knee and not only dropped the cases they *were* working on, but also “donated” tens of millions in free legal work for organizations that trump likes in order to get his executive orders reversed (successfully, btw). understanding the clear intended message of these targeted attacks, many of the other big law firms have already announced plans to preemptively bribe (er, provide) him with over $100 million in pro bono services(!): [ fwiw, this has been trump’s mo forever, so no one should be surprised. he has always used his outsized wealth and power to bully others into doing his bidding. whether it’s stiffing small contractors out of millions after they’ve done all the work, then burying them in legal debt when they try to complain until they've commit suicide ([ or publicly humiliating fellow republicans into complete submission (eg. lil marco rubio, lyin' ted cruz, etc), this is simply how he operates. this is all out of the dictator’s handbook, of course, and it’s why our founding fathers designated the power of the purse to congress instead of the president alone. unfortunately, congresspeople are far too cowardly to assert their rightful power and will passively watch our democracy die long before they do anything about it. it seems highly unlikely that any company can resist this type of targeted coercion long term. how we the people respond will determine whether the country we grew up in still exists in recognizable form just a few months from now. tl,dr: the “emergency” powers trump currently has allow him to start, stop and dramatically alter international tariffs at will. given his extensive record of abusing power for personal gain (as demonstrated recently by him sabotaging individual law firms’ ability to conduct business with individually targeted executive orders, forcing them to not only stop all work on cases against him and his cronies, but also give him hundreds of millions of dollars in free labor in order for him to rescind them. these orders caused other law firms to preemptively offer him hundred million dollar bribes as well). i’m suggesting that he is likely to abuse his power again, effectively controlling many companies’ ability to compete depending on their compliance with his demands. by suddenly raising and lowering tariffs by large amounts (currently 50% in some cases, and there’s no reason he can’t go higher to make a point), he can attack individual companies’ respective weak points and sabotage their operations, making them consistently less competitive. he can also pair this with reduced tariffs on their rivals, making them more competitive. he can thus pit them against one another, consistently punishing the least complaint and rewarding the most compliant to strengthen their hand. because most companies legally exist to maximize shareholder profits, this will eventually force them to either acquiesce to his demands (no matter how extreme, eg. demanding they replace employees he dislikes with people he does and participate in crimes) or be forced out of business, leading to what’s commonly known as a fascist state. ps here’s an example of him doing exactly what i’m talking about:
how to actually maga
best explanation of deepseek
trump introduces charles schwab in the oval office after a major stock market rally: “this is charles schwab...it’s not just a company, it’s actually an individual! and he made 2.5 billion today.”
tax increases for the poor.
they broke the farmers financially, and now they are buying the farmland. this is not a coincidence, it is a strategy. many farmers feel they are witnessing a deliberate playbook unfold. first, tariffs pushed china away from buying american soybeans during trump’s first term, a blow that never fully recovered. now with new tariffs in place, china is again turning to brazil and argentina, leaving american soy growers struggling. at the same time, the united states is increasing beef imports from argentina, undercutting american ranchers just as feed costs remain high. some critics argue that powerful wealthy interests close to the trump administration knew these outcomes were likely and allowed them anyway. the theory is simple. if enough family farms fail, the ultra rich can buy the land at depressed prices and control the future of american agriculture. whether by design or through neglect, the result is the same. farmers are struggling, and the wealthiest players are positioned to benefit.
elon musk says he's running his "other businesses" with "great difficulty" while working on doge. tesla stock is down 40% ytd.
trump's got 'revised' bls charts with new numbers
hard truth: the game of monopoly
a butcher in pennsylvania spoke to fox about trump’s tariffs: “the consumer is going to pay for it.”
the trump boom!
the ‘america first’ agenda is really paying off, just look at the results
suspicious activity ‍
the imf affair is turning into a scandal. trump withdrew $870 million from the us account at the imf, which then miraculously appeared in argentina's account. this is convenient because argentina owed $840 million to the imf. trump took american taxpayers' money so his buddy milei could pay his debt
elon musk now legally banned from us treasury systems
this economy is the enemy of having children
the art of the deal
tesla investor calls for elon musk to step down as boss
o'donnell: grocery prices are up trump: no, you’re wrong

"so the tariff is paid in this country by the importer, is that right?" -- eugene robinson guides scott bessent into acknowledging that tariffs are in fact paid in the united states, not by foreign governments
insane moment elon musk 'shoved' trump's treasury secretary scott bessent during screaming match. 'scott bessent called him out and said, 'you promised us a trillion dollars (in cuts), and now you're at like $100 billion, and nobody can find anything, what are you doing?''
groceries are skyrocketing under trump!
the system became this way by design. rip "american dream."
campbell's attempt at saving face
open enrollment starts today, and premiums are skyrocketing. it’s a scam. demand universal healthcare.
china announces additional 84% tariff on us goods.
3-year study finds mackenzie scott’s $19 billion in charitable giving has been ‘transformational’ for nonprofits
looks like the current direction of the economy
economy is in trouble i am at an indoor kids playground in suburban atlanta. places like this are usually insanely busy on sunday afternoons, like screaming kids absolutely everywhere, multiple birthday parties etc. today i showed up and there were only two kids in the entire place. i cannot stress how atypical this is for this place, but i think families just are not willing to spend $20 a kid in this economy to get them out of the house. i feel sad for the owners and hope this place survives, but it looks bleak.
trump bankrupting soybean industry
it’s so disgustingly orwellian to say a bill that kicks 16 million people off health care is good for health care.
elon musk
welker: "isn't the fact that you're rolling back tariffs an admission that they ultimately do drive up prices?"
china 24 channel shared a video of a chinese factory dedicated to maga merch (since 2016)
republicans are driving our economy to the ground while gutting our rights—that’s always been their playbook
the reality of the job market
the countries that pay trump’s tariffs are colored blue on this world map.
canadian multimillionaire and shark tank guy kevin o'leary went on tv to say he's upset zohran won't talk to him: "i and others who invest in real estate have tried to get a meeting to figure out what's rhetoric and what's policy. so far for me it's been crickets."
jerome powell just gave a blunt warning: “the u.s. federal government is on an unsustainable fiscal path... debt is growing faster than the economy.”
well, we did
trump on market crash: well, i mean, it is to be expected, this is a patient that was very sick. we inherited a terrible economy.
people don’t realize how badly the real economy is doing.
united states bails out argentina with $20 billion from american taxpayers @nowthisimpact covers how the #unıtedstates is bailing out #argentina with $20 billion of #taxpayer dollars. can someone explain here how americans benefit? #decentralizednews #citizenjournalism
trump has just ruined the lives of millions of people for no good reason, this lady sums it up perfectly
trade wars go both ways!
collins: when the president says there's virtually no inflation and that grocery prices are going down, do you agree with him on that? greene: no. i go to the grocery store myself. grocery prices remain high. energy prices are high.
my experience as a millennial
secret oligarch investments...
the entire us economy right now is 7 companies sending a trillion fake dollars back and forth to each other
uh oh...
trump withdraws support for marjorie taylor greene
the tourism industry is collapsing.
we are living in a strange timeline... thoughts?
china rolls out the red carpet for indian pm modi, just as trump alienates and imposes 50% tariff on india, whose economy is rapidly growing — at 7.8%.
mother says her son died after unitedhealth jacked the price of his inhaler from $66 to $539: "chose rent over his medicine."
what’s happening to the us? are all these problems simply a reflection of an economy that doesn’t serve the needs of most americans?
canada strikes back
grow bananas in america......
make it so
nancy pelosi's husband sold a boatload of nvidia stock right before it was eviscerated by chinese startup
temu tariffs are finally here. say goodbye to the cheap goods that kept inflation down and americans awash in stuff.
what have we become? this is disgusting. when you can't afford to get sick i think the model is broken. if other countries can solve this "problem" why can't we? oh that's right because we are centered around greed and excess
this guy said make sense than trump 10 times
maga can i get w’s in the chat #winning🤣
this is what's wrong.
it's reality over lies
maga wins
real life economic consequences of destroying the usaid.
ford ceo says he has 5,000 open mechanic jobs with 6-figure salaries from the shortage of manually skilled workers: ‘we are in trouble in our country’. speaking on the office hours: business edition podcast, farley said ford had 5,000 open mechanic positions that it hasn’t been able to fill, despite an eye-popping $120,000 salary—nearly double the american worker’s median salary. and it’s not just ford, added farley. the carmaker’s struggle to fill jobs that require training and manual labor are indicative of a general shortage for manual-labor jobs in the u.s., he added.there were more than 400,000 manufacturing jobs open as of august, according to preliminary data from the bureau of labor statistics, despite a 4.3% unemployment rate, which is higher than in previous years. a 2024 study from the manufacturing institute and deloitte also found more than half of the 200 manufacturing firms surveyed said recruiting and retaining workers was their top struggle. yet, farley said jobs in the trades like those at ford “made our country what it is,” and allowed people like his grandfather—who worked on the company’s flagship model t and was employee 389 at the company—to have good lives.
price increase alert
damn... can someone fact check this? i believe him, i just don't want some red fella to find a single inconsistency then call the entire thing "fake news". if this is accurate, which i believe it is, it makes a very strong argument that one party is exceptionally bad for the economy.
trump is doing some sketchy stuff don't be confused about trump playing dumb. that is his speciality, act dumb, complain, be loud, and get what you want. watch the market, every time it trends positive, trump throws a grenade — like proposing a 104% tariff on china. this isn’t random. he’s doing it for one (or both) of the following reasons: 1. crash the economy → lower stock prices, raise uncertainty → force the fed to slash interest rates and bond yields *(he’s said it himself — no one can make money with high rates)* 2. insider trading & sketchy deals → his friends, donors, and cronies benefit from market volatility → classic pump-and-dump or position-then-policy play **let’s be clear — he’s not doing this for america.** not for the "golden age" not to "bring back manufacturing jobs" **he doesn’t believe in any of that.** neither do his advisors. just look at them — a rotating cast of cronies and conmen, selling snake oil to the desperate and disillusioned. don’t fall for the theater. it’s personal gain, not national good. the sooner congress act, the better it is for america.
judge speaks out after her $1.5m mansion 'exploded' in suspected arson attack after she defied trump order political violence from either the left or right does not bode well for the internal stability of our former republic, now looking increasingly like a dysfunctional mobocracy.
trump confirms tariffs are paid by consumers!
billionaires/oligarchs/kleptocrats are incompatible with democracy, the rule of law, legitimate institutions, and human civilization
they’re not coming anymore’ — us tourism freefall drains $29 billion from economy could this be the first tangible step in americas decline -- the death and destruction of an entire industry? before trump, america was a place to be emulated, admired, and a dream country to visit .now we are a country to be pitied, even with our economic might we are viewed as a country of bumkins who elected a narcissistic buffoon - a tin plate tyrant and bully - and that reputation is growing to include us all. no longer bush's 'shining city on a hill', we are now being recognized as a country with a government rotting from the inside, comprised of bureaucrats pandering and quaking, where freedoms so costly fought for are being challenged daily, where dissenting , lawful citizens are threatened with deportation if they don't toe the fascistic line, and an authoritarian regime catering to our worst angels; dullards who equate sophistication and education with weakness. you remember that gang in high school, the bullies, street thugs and tramps you were warned to stay away from? this is the welcome mat we have extended to the world, and the world is turning up their noses at the stench! see this: the united states is experiencing a clear and measurable decline in its dominance of the travel industry. this is a financial gut-punch, not hyperbole or economic scare tactics. the collapse of america's inbound tourism industry is expected to cost up to $29 billion in 2025 alone, with repercussions for local economies, transportation, and hospitality. while other countries are setting new records, the united states, one of 184 economies, is seeing a complete drop in foreign visitor spending. this isn't a statistical anomaly. policy, perception, and the psychology of foreign tourists who are collectively opting to spend their money elsewhere are all contributing factors to this dramatic reversal. geopolitical tensions, shifting global alliances, and competitive destinations that have taken advantage of america's current difficulties are some of the underlying factors that go beyond simple economic conditions. the effect spreads further into the service sectors that depend significantly on foreign visitors, escalating regional inequalities and compounding losses in sources of income that have historically been thought of as steady. [
bartiromo: "we are waiting any moment now to get the jobs number for the month of june. the expectations call for the numbers to be up 95,000. right now seeing the number -- actually, uh, showing a decline in jobs, uh, down 33,000, uh."
trump fully intends to crash the us economy this may be a hot take, but donald trump fully intends to crash the us economy, so that he and allied billionaires can buy up assets. trump intends to do this with funds obtained by his crypto scam conducted directly before taking office.
america 2030 ai
trump confirms he doesn't care about american famers
we're gone from "90 deals in 90 days" to sending letters to other countries pleading with them to negotiate
i’d rather feed seniors
this is not shocking for anyone who has been objectively analyzing china’s progress.
lol 🤡
trump is imposing a 10-25% tax on you. tariffs are taxes on stuff we buy from other countries. when you see "trump slaps 25% tarrif on canada," that is just a marketing gimmick. if you want to buy a bottle of maple syrup from canada, as of feb 1, you (not the canadian seller) must pay the us federal government an extra 25% sales tax to get it. so when you see "slams country x with 25% tariff", just think, "oh, that's my own government (trump) forcing me to pay more for things for no good reason."
his supporters patience are getting thin.
trump: it's a con job. i think affordability is the greatest con job
different spend. different objective.
a national sales tax!
exactly.
trump says the current financial system is outdated and will soon be replaced with a state-of-the-art cryptocurrency framework under the new structure bill.
does this count as a recession indicator? 🤔
cuban refugee going to costco for the first time
trump: our energy costs are way down. our groceries are way down. everything is way down. and the press does not report it... thanksgiving meals 25% down. so i don't want to hear about the affordability.
trump: "we've taken in almost $17 trillion of investment." (that would be more than half the entire us gdp, so no.)
trump administration declares that it will never share the october jobs reports. the us is estimated to have lost at least 60,000 jobs during the month of october
president trump launches unannounced unaudited scam coin with 80% of all tokens allocated to himself to quickly suck dry citizens
trump: "if i didn't have tariffs, the entire world would be in a depression."
jessica: these are headlines. in wake of trump tariffs, john deere announced layoffs. pepsico will increase prices by 10%. sony is raising ps5 prices in the u.s. by $50 across all models and electric bills are up 10% so far this year.
type shi
as billionaire wealth soars $33 trillion, mark cuban says it's time for workers to receive a cut of their employers' success in the form of stocks
boycott red ***repost from @shampoo4you*** “so here we go, companies that donated heavily to trump, trump pacs, or project 2025 (obviously confirm for yourself before you stop using your favorite company): 1. 1-800-flowers 2. ace hardware (supported both sides) 3. act fluoride mouthwash 4. alamo rental cars 5. allegiant air 6. anthropology 7. arby's 8. armor all cleaning products 9. ashley furniture 10. autozone 11. bacardi 12. bali 13. baskin-robbins (donated to both sides, but cold stone should be on this list, they were heavily republican) 14. bausch & lomb 15. big heart pet brands 16. bike athletics 17. blue bell creameries 18. boost mobile 19. brooks running shoes 20. (blank for some reason) 21. buffalo wild wings 22. buick 23. cadillac 24. carl's jr. 25. charmin 26. chevrolet 27. chiquita brands 28. chobani yogurts 29. cincinnati financial 30. cinnabon 31. coors (any beer) 32. conair hair products 33. cousinart kitchen products 34. dairy queen 35. dean foods 36. dole foods 37. dudley sports 38. dunkin' donuts 39. enterprise rental car 40. exxon 41. farberware 42. florists (.com) 43. folgers 44. free people 45. fruit bouquets 46. fruit of the loom 47. fry's electronics 48. garmin 49. geico insurance 50. george foreman grill 51. gmc 52. gnc 53. grey goose 54. hanes 55. hardee's 56. helzberg diamonds 57. hendrick motorsports 58. hershey products 59. hobby lobby 60. home goods 61. hoover vacuum cleaners 62. horizon bank 63. jimmy dean 64. keller williams realty 65. l.l. bean 66. lando lakes 67. las vegas sands 68. legs 69. made in form 70. marshalls 71. martin's famous pastry shops 72. mcdonald's 73. meow mix 74. miller's (any beer) 75. milwaukee's best (any beer) 76. mobile 77. molson (any beer) 78. molson's 79. motorola 80. my pillow 81. napa auto parts 82. new orleans saints 83. new york yankees 84. norwegian cruise lines 85. old dutch foods 86. omni hotels 87. oreck vacuums 88. papa john's 89. pepperonis 90. playtex 91. procter & gamble products 92. public storage 93. public supermarket 94. purdue farms 95. rayovac 96. schlotzky's restaurant franchise 97. shell oil 98. sierra trading post 99. slumberland 100. smucker's products 101. soma intimates 102. spalding 103. stanley black & decker hardware 104. star furniture 105. stiletto power & hand tools 106. sunoco 107. tampa bay buccaneers 108. the popcorn factory 109. tito's vodka (could not be verified) 110. toastmaster appliances 111. tractor supply 112. turtle wax 113. urban outfitters 114. vanity fair 115. walmart 116. wendy's 117. wonder bread 118. wow cable 119. wynn resorts should be on the list: home depot, cold stone creameries sources: goods unite us and open secrets” link below:
61% of americans are unhappy with president trump. it’s the economy, stupid. specifically, the tariffs and inflation.
76% of american voters say that the economy is doing poorly. that’s from fox news. trump’s disapproval rating is at 58%.
guess he just works harder than everyone else on the planet
united healthcare calls a doctor during a surgery demanding to know if an overnight stay for that patient is necessary
president trump meets with fed chair jerome powell.
sounds about right
i guess it wasn't a bad bill after all...
costco to raise hourly pay for most us store workers to over $30
those pandemic-era "stimmy checks" were the most expensive "free money" ever
maga finding out what tariffs do!
the ceo slave drivers are not as irreplaceable as they would have all the slaves/cattle believe
trump: we're seeing phenomenal numbers.. i mean, really phenomenal numbers. we'll be announcing a new statistician... the numbers were ridiculous what she announced. so it's a scam, in my opinion.
usa is a category on its own. hours of minimum wage work needed to escape poverty.
j.d. vance lies on national tv vance is trying to tell the audience of cbs news that democrats want to fund health care for illegal aliens. it's against federal law and there are no dollars for illegal aliens. the healthcare is for poor americans who are often treated like illegal aliens. it is awful to be poor in america.
facts or reality don't matter when you are maga!!!
kevin o’leary blasts health insurance execs for hiring security guards instead of listening to americans’ ‘frustration’
over $1.5 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today. over $1.5 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today.
warren: “oh my goodness! oh dear! are you worried that billionaires are going to go hungry?”
trump slump
“but at what cost?”
guy went into cold stone creamery to get some take home ice cream. after seeing the prices he says “i’d rather die” then pay these prices small: $16.99 medium: $21.99 large: $27.99 the prices are insane. cold stone was bought by a private equity firm in 2018.
first ai implosion: oracle just lost $35 billion in market cap. in 48 hours
alberta just banned u.s. companies from government contracts!
wow! the tariff effect
john deere blames tariffs for $600m loss, announces mass layoffs
remember: most billionaires are not “self-made”
not surprised, again
happy government shutdown to all who celebrate it
even people worth $521 million are struggling in the trump economy.......
like a mad king
blackrock is suing unitedhealth for giving “too much care” to patients after the ceo was murdered
mark cuban says companies should be taxed more for buying back their own shares
do you agree?
“blackrock owns all the meat packers. there's only 4 meat packers in this country. blackrock owns them all. the meat packers are keeping the price of meat high and the price of cows low. so the farmer gets hurt, the consumers get hurt and they make the money 'cause they've got a monopoly.”
historian rutger bregman calls out elites at world economic forum in davos
trump threatens company specific 100% tariffs against us toy manufacturer mattel
we need to be more like france
president trump says "this is biden's stock market, not trump's."
$250,000,000,000 wiped out from the crypto market cap today.
most americans say taxing the rich is best way to reduce federal debt: gallup
legalized theft
after failing to secure trade deals with other countries within the 90-day period, trump now says he will just sent out letters to countries instructing them what to pay. "i'm gonna send the letters. that's the end of the trade deal."
hence the cycle continues
.
americans should brace for unaffordable healthcare premiums. the democrats finally caved and went with the republicans to reopen the government without an agreement to extend the aca subsidies. in other words the entire 6-week shutdown was for nothing. the democrats might as well have agreed to keep the government open from the start if they were going to give in to the republicans' demand that no guarantees be attached to keeping the subsidies. so what happens now? well, it's already happening. people who are renegotiating their premiums for 2026 are already seeing quotes raising their monthly payment from $700 to $2500 in many cases. and this isn't just confined to medicaid. it stretches the entire gamut of healthcare even into the private sectors. it's not hyperbole to say that millions of americans, especially those with children, the disabled, americans with family members dependent on them who are disabled, and the elderly who have not reached 65 will have to drop their coverage and rely on the er for their healthcare. millions will go into medical bankruptcy and trump is trying to make medical debt/bankruptcy a part of credit reports now. combine all this with loss of snap benefits and skyrocketing job loss and we see an america going down in flames. america has entered its terminal phase.
elon musk advocates for at least 120 hours of work every week
fact check: true
“you remove the h-1b visa and you collapse the economy” - michio kaku thoughts?
boycott airbnb - co-founder billionaire has joined doge
there are many people on reddit who envy china's clean and tidy cities. as a mongolian who was born in china and has lived there for thirty years, i hope to clarify a few things. the chinese government isn't magical. a big reason china has clean and tidy cities is that it's a centralized and internally colonial government. here are some examples. first, the chinese government can expropriate land to build modern cities and factories at almost no cost. all land in china is state-owned. the central government can disregard local residents and governments, acquire land at almost no cost, and then lease it to foreign companies at low prices, offering them extremely favorable terms. this is why foreign investment didn't favor china in the 1980s, but after china fully welcomed foreign investment in the 1990s, western capital began pouring into china rather than india. china has a household registration system, which acts as an internal colonization, discriminating against impoverished provinces in education and welfare. a child with a henan hukou in china faces a much harder time getting into tsinghua university than one with a beijing hukou. not only are the required scores higher, but the exams are also the more difficult henan version. chinese schools are also all government-controlled; there are no so-called private schools. henan province, according to the central government's plan, is an agricultural province. the central government has resorted to every possible means to prevent henan residents from receiving higher education and becoming engineers and white-collar workers. this not only creates obstacles for henan residents to attend universities outside henan, but also prevents henan residents from building their own schools. henan, with a population of nearly 100 million, has only one key university, while beijing, with a population of 20 million, has 34. furthermore, to encourage henan residents to remain farmers, the beijing government has also created obstacles for henan factory construction, preventing them from becoming workers instead of farming. furthermore, due to the household registration system, even if a henan resident has lived in beijing for 20 years, it is difficult for their children to receive education there, unless they are high-ranking civil servants or intellectuals. therefore, children of migrant workers in beijing, shanghai, and shenzhen often remain in their hometowns, separated from their parents. this effectively controls urban populations and prevents them from becoming overcrowded like new delhi. similar situations occur in other provinces. for example, shanxi and inner mongolia are mining provinces, but their resources have been used to build beijing and shanghai, leaving local residents with little benefit other than pollution. in the oil and gas-rich xinjiang uyghur autonomous region, natural gas prices have long been higher than in shanghai because gas is prioritized for the eastern region. people from these regions, like those from henan, face discrimination based on their household registration (hukou) when applying for university entrance exams compared to residents of beijing and shanghai. in addition, china has severe ethnic discrimination policies. if you're uyghur or tibetan, you might be harassed by police five times a night in a beijing hotel, making it nearly impossible to obtain a passport. while mongolians won't be harassed by police, they will be punished by teachers for speaking their native language at school. some companies will explicitly refuse to hire mongolians. incidentally, it's not just ethnic minorities; even chinese speakers who speak cantonese (the language used in classic hong kong films) or wu (shanghainese dialect) instead of mandarin at school are also penalized. using minority languages on social media in china can easily lead to investigation. china does have relatively clean cities, having benefited from globalization by attracting foreign investment through preferential policies. i don't deny this, but it's important to note that the chinese people bear the cost. although the children of shanxi and henan eventually benefited from the crowd, building clean cities with funds earned from serving beijing and shanghai, the soil in henan was severely polluted by fertilizers, and the soil in shanxi was so contaminated with heavy metals that beijing officials visiting these areas were afraid to drink local water and instead brought in imported mineral water. simply put, the chinese government isn't a 1984-style dystopian society, but rather a bureaucratic capitalist state ruled by bureaucrats. after the cultural revolution, the country was ruled by technocrats from the intellectual class, such as deng xiaoping, jiang zemin, and hu jintao. these individuals used bureaucratic capitalism and their own planning to create china's economic miracle, similar to park chung-hee's "miracle on the han river" in south korea. private entrepreneurs appeared to have great power, but a single word from the emperor could destroy their families and their families. these individuals were evil and wicked, but they were highly educated bureaucrats with extensive grassroots experience in economic and industrial planning. however, they have now been replaced by the "red aristocracy," represented by xi jinping, the children of the founding leaders of mao zedong's generation. because xi jinping didn't complete secondary school during the cultural revolution, he technically only has an elementary school diploma. consequently, china's economic policies over the past decade have been plagued by numerous missteps. furthermore, in recent years, the problem of wage arrears in china's infrastructure design and construction has become increasingly serious. have you seen those beautiful cities? the companies that built them are likely bankrupt, and the owners have likely committed suicide. i think the biggest difficulty in understanding foreign countries these days is that people tend to only care about what they care about. for example, when the west exposed china's uyghur concentration camps, they were most concerned about the chinese government forcing uyghurs to pick cotton, because this resonated with their understanding of pre-civil war slavery. they paid no attention to the more serious rape and cultural genocide. when indians visit china, they are most concerned about cow dung and the animals on the streets. that's why they marvel at china's cleanliness. however, indians, without experience living under a centralized system, often fail to appreciate the price paid to achieve these clean cities. when americans come to china, they are most concerned about immigration and drug issues, so they would feel surprised to see no drug addicts or homeless people lying on the streets. however, they would not know that beggars would be taken away by the police and sent to the suburbs for centralized detention. there are no miracles in the world. if you want a government that recognizes private land and relatively respects individual rights, you have to accept that it cannot demolish the slums in the city center. if you want an efficient central government, you have to accept the possibility that it may give you a good job one day and take it away the next, or even forbid your children to speak their mother tongue.
aoc: “it’s not that just trump is corrupt, it’s that everyone participating in this is corrupt.”
trump’s ukraine “peace plan” exposed as a $300 billion profit plot - hidden deals, russian assets, and mega-donor paydays revealed in wsj bombshell
minimum wage
there’s no way elon musk’s job is legal: “checks and balances, at the moment, seem to be neutralized.”
the u.s. can't negotiate! this is insane. former assistant secretary of defense chas freeman reveals the trump admin couldn't explain to the japanese negotiating team what they want: "the japanese said 'what is it that you want?' and the americans could not explain what they wanted."
the u.s. national debt has risen by $2.3 trillion in less than a year.
wow! this is crazy! 104% tariff tax on china
jd vance talked about chinese peasants manufacturing goods for americans. this is how the land of peasants looks like (video by a european girl).
say it with me, one more time
gop plans to increase the tax rate by 74% by 2031 for people earning $15,000 yearly. yikes!
72% of americans say the rich 'have too much' as gop pursues another handout for billionaires
this was the most popular car in america in 1970. it cost $3200. and that was three months of salaries of the average american worker. compare that to the situation now.
american business owner explains why he will continue to have his product made in china even with tariffs
in just the week ending september 6, the number of americans filing for unemployment benefits rose by 27,000 to 263,000 — the highest number of applications in a single week since october 2021. this is what happens when you elect a man with five bankruptcies.
conservatives yell “socialism” at every initiative designed to help a majority of people.
meanwhile, undocumented immigrants pay more in taxes than most billion-dollar corporations
this is what late-stage crony capitalism looks like
tesla stock is down 45 percent and still dropping
has biden rigged the numbers?
former president jimmy carter spent his last 43 years living in a $167,000 house—less expensive than the secret service vehicles outside
breaking news: more bailout money for argentina 🤝
the white house said there probably won't be an inflation report next month
republican tim burchett says he's voting to gut medicaid because sick and disabled americans should "get off their ass and get a job."
interesting question, because if lose their job they wont support any entertainers, sporting events, movie theaters, investments, etc etc....
one of america’s biggest companies is imploding unitedhealth group, one of america’s biggest corporations and a member of the exclusive dow jones industrial average, is suddenly unraveling. the crisis engulfing unitedhealth hit a crescendo this week when ceo andrew witty stepped down abruptly for “personal reasons.” unitedhealth also swiftly abandoned its financial guidance, blaming skyrocketing medical costs.
the art of the deal in a nutshell
wh press secretary leavitt holds up a chart that trump sent to fed chair powell demanding that he lower rates “by a lot”
trumps goal is to increase taxes on the working class!
for anyone considering selling right now... i see a lot of posts talking about going to cash. there has never been a period in the stock market’s history where it didn’t bounce back from adversity. moral of the story: invest, don’t trade, and never stop buying.
globalists fault, not mine!
me right now
answer to the most asked question here.
tesla is no longer in the top 7 of the s&p500 for anyone who may have missed it, tesla is now weighted at 1.91% overtaken by broadcom at 2.04%.
you americans don't really know what true economic hardship is. you're all like "oh well the market will rebound". you are used to the economy somehow growing. sure things might get tough from time to time, people might lose their jobs, people might struggle with bills and live paycheck to paycheck, but if you work hard, if you're patient, you'll find an opportunity and things will get better. because there will be opportunities at some point. there will be a chance to get money and go up. there will be a future. let me tell you something. real life doesn't work that way. and just because it's worked that way for you in the us doesn't mean it will keep being like that. i'm from italy. my country essentially stopped growing in the 1990s. we don't think about the future. every italian has accepted that the good old times are gone and will never be back. we live off our relatives' income and lifetime savings, assuming they have any, that is. many of us move to other european cities to serve tables at restaurants, or even scrub toilets. our real salaries are lower than they were in 1995, meaning we are actually measurably poorer. not just "oh life is soo expensive right now", i mean actually properly worse off according to most measurable metrics under the sun. our stock market is also still lower than in 2000. in 2008, when the global financial crisis hit, about 25% to 30% of our industry was wiped out in a matter of months. it never came back. i know people who were living in the richest region (lombardy) who lost their jobs or had to close their decades old business and started commuting to switzerland (ticino) to work as cashiers, waiters, bus drivers. the number has only gone up since then. and then in 2011-12 another huge crisis came. investors started to become really worried that the country would default on its debt, due to the massive levels of public debt and deficit. a "technical government" was imposed on us in a hurry and promptly proceeded to implement massive widespread cuts to every source of public spending. our economy crashed again. entire sectors went tits up. just as these reforms were starting to pay off, covid came. and then the war in ukraine came. and then the tariffs. each and every time, we lost a little bit of something. each and every time, more and more families became poorer forever, because they had to spend some of their wealth that they had accumulated during the boom years, and there is no way to create new wealth. today, our salaries are starting to become lower than in countries like poland or slovakia. we cannot save money for an emergency, we cannot plan a future, we cannot buy or rent homes unless our parents bail us out. we will not have any retirement, not only because the public pension scheme will implode, but also because we don't have money to invest. but most importantly, we know it won't get better. most likely it will get worse, and worse, and worse. many of us just pack their bags and leave, hoping to be back to italy when they retire. and globally, we're still relatively well off. there are so many countries which are in a much more dire state. we still have moldovans coming to our country to quite literally wipe the ass*s of old people, just because it's better than staying in moldova. so in a sense we also don't know what real economic hardship is. but at least we know what it feels like to not have faith. some italian families are lucky, they have property and safe sources of income. most are not. most people are just slowly liquidating whatever assets they have to support their kids. most have their wealth tied to housing that is and will keep depreciating in value outside of a handful of lucky pockets. some of you should realise that "things will get better" is not how things work in most places. i guess that's just my point.
voo below $500
i'm not going to invest in this market. clown market.
why is it dropping today?
it took me 7 years, but the "snowball effect" is finally real. when i started buying etfs, it felt like throwing money into a black hole. buying $500 of voo here and there didn't seem to move the needle. the dividends were enough to buy... a cup of coffee. it was discouraging watching people get rich on crypto while i was inching along. but i just did my quarterly review, and for the first time, my portfolio's daily swings are larger than my monthly paycheck. i know everyone says "wait for the snowball," but actually feeling it gain momentum is a totally different experience. the first few years are a slog, but if you are new here and discouraged: **don't stop.** the math works if you give it enough time. just wanted to say thanks to this sub for keeping me on the straight and narrow path when i wanted to do stupid things with my money.
any reason we aren’t just buying brk.b? the old man is usually right
just keep investing.
everyone rn!
important chart. s&p 490 has had basically no earnings growth since 2022. it’s just 10 companies doing really well, while the broader economy is in contraction in real terms.
$10,000 invested in vti and vxus since 1988, with all dividends reinvested. i realize this topic has been discussed many times, but i thought it’s an eye-popping example of the power of compound growth. cagr of 11.12% vs 4.96%. the return from u.s. stocks over the last 11 months is more than double the return from international stocks over the last 37 years combined ($105,882 vs $49,618). this chart doesn’t include the higher costs/taxes of international investing, which would make the difference even more stark.
timing the market has mostly failed there are always reasons to not invest. many people must be thinking in current environment about sitting on cash due to elevated levels of uncertainties and potential of a recession. i totally get it. but data has shown that timing the market has more often than not failed. seven out of ten best days occurred within two weeks of ten worst days. here’s a famous quote: “far more money has been lost by investors trying to anticipate corrections, than lost in the corrections themselves.” - peter lynch
22yrs old. taking investing more serious. i'm 22 yrs old i opened an investment account with little knowledge a while back. this year i started taking investing more serious. started with $700 in january 17th and investing $80/week. this is my portfolio so far. i had made some changes in my portfolio during my journey, but this is where i am stading right now. any tips?
the biggest 3 days crash since 1987 brace yourself tomorrow. the market is going to drop more than 15% in just 3 days. this is going to be biggest crash in 3 days since 1987. history is repeating. this is opportunity of the lifetime for those looking to invest. voo discount seems super attractive. thinking of putting 10k in that. even though any stock in the market is attractive but nothing like lowering voo avg. i am still at $520. what are you guys doing ? i know timing the market is almost impossible but how far it can go down. maybe 10% more ? we are near to the 2021 peak soon.
me who just started to invest.
i know it's a long game, but it's still pretty fucking depressing at the moment
“is voo too high to buy right now?”
pathway to $1 million in 15 years someone else posted this in the dividends sub reddit. i want to do something similar for my children however i'm not convinced that schd is the best etf with which to do it. does anyone have any thoughts about other etfs that might be better suited to achieve this goal of $1 million and 15 years more quickly?
39 years old. starting late but at least i’m starting. i’m putting a weekly $100 deposit into a roth ira i just opened. i’m putting a pic up of the obvious blue chip etfs and asking for suggestions for me to research into a few more or disersify. if anyone can critique the new portfolio and identify major overlap for redundancies sorry for being a noob, just wanna get some more security for my retirement.
the truth you all don't want to hear. the answer is vt and chill. investing is a solved problem, investing for the long term? global equity fund, investing for the short term? investment grade bonds and bills. the key to financial success is to get *good enough, repeatable* returns for a above average amount of time by staying in the market so your wealth can compound, the whole sequence of return risk thing. but guess what, most of you wont be able to do this, why? because it is **fucking boring.** everyday on this sub it is full of the same stuff, yield chasing dividend stocks, high exposed tech stocks trading at ridiculous valuations, sector plays and individual stocks trying to generate the most return possible in a given period. *nvidia? nobody has heard of that company before, surely having 50% of my portfolio in it will be a high risk high reward play right? better have some jepq in there as a "bond alternative" to keep some money safe.* like, if you guys put the same amount of effort into increasing your salaries and earning potential instead of day trading stocks and etf's like pokemon cards you would smoke 99.9% of people here.
voo and chill guys m 27 y.o started a year ago with voo and chill. after about a month started some research and put a lot of efforts to analyze a lot of stuff. a week ago decided to save my time and mental health with that simple statment - voo and chill. this is the way
best s&p 500 funds
151 years of s&p 500 returns; source: tradingview
for those only invested in voo. above is a picture of the japanese nikkei 225, as you can see it took 34 years to recover from its peak in 1980s. notably, in the 70s and 80s you had to convince people not to invest in japan because it was doing so incredibly well. now, the united states does not face the same issues as japan, and the s&p 500 has performed incredibly over the last decade, though nevertheless it is not free from this fate. for this reason, the evidence overwhelming points towards international diversification. now this may lead to worse performance or it may not. regardless it is certainly a good idea. each time i read this subreddit and see people with 100% of retirement funds in voo or the like i am filled with anxiety.
3 years old. started investing 5 second ago. how’s it look?
what a lovely time to be first time investor
me watching the chart today after five months of investing at 31 with a 4 month old newborn.
voo has doubled in the last 5 years. what do you think the next 5 years will look like? i know a lot of people's money is in voo. so we all have major stakes in how the s&p 500 behaves over the next 5/10/20 years. do you expect a major correction? or will the bull run continue? what are your predictions for 2030?
buys voo at $551. voo proceeds to drop to $539 ~30 minutes later. i know this drop, in the long run, means nothing but man... gotta love investing. update: dca would’ve been nice in this case but i’ve always gone all in every time i invest. i know this is a set it and forget it investment. i couldn’t resist to post here since my timing was... funny and kinda terrible. lessons learned: never invest on fed announcement date again or when it’s close to eoy. if i do, it’s best to dca. i would buy more tomorrow but all i have left now is 7k for my roth contribution. update #2: too many comments to reply to, as i sip on a shot of mezcal on one of the 4 wonderful days we get per year in houston. i’m glad i’m not the only one who was feeling salty/silly on the day i posted this. overall, like many of you said, the drop doesn’t matter if it’s a long term investment. i will say the incoming administration makes me nervous. i feel like the market will continue to thrive or come down crashing.
who else sees trump's ridiculousness as a s&p500 buying opportunity? i know his foolishness is adding to the uncertainty but surely everytime he spouts a load of rubbish its good for anyone sitting on cash?
the best thing about etfs
my retirement portfolio at 19
top inflow etfs which ones are in your portfolio.
during all this turmoil, remember guys: always have some safe bets on your portfolio to keep you on the green while your speculative etfs are on the red, dragging you down
stop panic-selling & moving your funds from us to europe – your portfolio should outlive any administration. a lot of you are acting like the us market is suddenly uninvestable because of short-term politics. let me remind you: your investment horizon should be **10+ years, not 10 weeks**. 1. **the us market isn’t going anywhere.** love or hate trump (or biden, or whoever comes next), the s&p 500 doesn’t care. it has survived wars, recessions, and worse political chaos than a single election cycle. 2. **moving your etfs to europe? why?** the us market has historically outperformed for a reason —dominant companies, innovation, and an economy that rewards risk-taking. europe has great companies too, but if you’re moving just because of election jitters, you’re letting emotions drive your investing. 3. **timing the market is a losing game.** if you jump out of us etfs and into european ones, what’s your plan? jump back in when things “feel better”? that’s called market timing, and it usually ends in buying high and selling low. not talking about the fact that us market is down now and you’re selling at loss. 4. **think in decades, not headlines.** the s&p 500 has delivered 10% average annual returns for nearly a century. elections come and go, but a strong portfolio is built to last beyond one administration. bottom line: **stop making emotional decisions with long-term money. stick to your plan, stay diversified, and let compounding do the work.** what’s your take? are you holding, shifting, or panic-selling? let’s hear it.
hypothetical bear market vs. real bear market
/s
"this time it's different"
so this is why folks say 100% voo and forget
perspective of an older etf investor i’ve been investing in etfs ( and before that mutual funds) before some of you were born. i’ve seen many a downturn. in 2008 my 401k lost half of its value. but i didn’t lose that money because i didn’t sell. i just kept dca and eventually it came back and then some. there’s a thing called recency bias. if you are new to etf investing then all you’ve seen is them go up and you think they can’t go down. it is perfectly normal for investments to go down sometimes a lot. if you don’t panic you will be ok. now if you’re going to need this money soon and don’t have time to recover then you shouldn’t have that money in the market. any money you will absolutely need in the next 1-3 years (or even up to 5 years)should be in cash. what about if you’re retiring soon? just remember retirement is a long time. you don’t need all that money the day you retire. you could be in retirement for 20-30 years. you should definitely have enough in cash or short term bonds to get you through several years if the market is down when you retire but you don’t need it all in cash. so i encourage people to take a deep breath. losing money is never a good feeling but just remember it’s just a paper loss until you sell. and if you really can’t stand it then maybe you shouldn’t be in the market at all. do what’s best for you.
wyd if you see this in the future
i'm 4 years old and have 500k to invest please help. goo goo gas gaa
man this sub is depressing sometimes as a 36 y/o first, this sub has been incredibly helpful at teaching me just how much i don’t fully understand....but god damn sometimes it’s disheartening to read the things people write. by age 30 you should “have your yearly salary saved in retirement”....by 36 at least $250,000 blah blah blah. what planet are y’all from? i’ve worked my ass off since i was 18, and all i have to show for it is about $25,000 in a 401k and a few thousand in a personal brokerage account. i’m lucky to have joined a union a couple years ago that has started exponentially raising those numbers, but even then....it’s gonna be hell of a fight to “catch up”. i just, how are folks steeped in debt, stuck working minimum wage jobs or just above, when rent is averaging in the thousands ever supposed to make any headway? i feel like i’m doing pretty well for myself compared to a few years ago as a flat broke musician, and then i come on here and it’s just depressing. ugh. if you’re still reading, thanks for indulging my rant. tl/dr: this sub is a constant reminder of our generation’s wealth inequality and its a real downer sometimes
now is really the time to buy market is down. everything is giving back what it gained in the last couple months; some maybe more. if you're not retiring in the next couple years, now is the perfect time to buy. when you read or here about people who have a few million in their accounts, you congratulate them. they tell you that they bought *insert stock* or have certain etfs and you think, "good on you." what's not always told is the simple fact they held through the tough times and bought at times just like this. there's pullbacks, corrections, and recessions. we're nowhere close to a recession, but a good correction is working its way in. those same people today held during all the situations i just mentioned. if you're young, now is the perfect time to buy more of whatever it is you own. this is where dca compounding works for you over the years and through the next few decades. buying now is buying "cheaper" and watching those shares become 100%, 200%....down the road, whereas buying at higher highs returns less over time. times like this is where millionaires in the making are buying. don't jump to other funds in hopes of hedging against red days. being down 10%, 20% can be tremendous if you're buying during uncertain times. here's an example of a purchase in time that i made. i bought voo on 11/29/21 at $425. it was up for a couple months and then it started falling. it's up 26.56% today. i continued to dca through the drops. the lowest i bought through those drops was on 11/9/22 at $348.09. it is currently up 54.55%. you can already see how the gains have compounded over time. buying shares at the lower level have paid off much more than buying them on a constant ascendance to aths. it will only to continue to outgrow my $425 purchases. these are the times you truly want as a long-term investor. it doesn't feel great today, but 5-10 years from now it does all the work for you. you continue to dca, or inject money however your strategy is formed, at moments like these so you can retire with real money in your account. millionaires have truly been made because of holding and buying through tougher times. this time period is nothing over the long term. it's healthy for the market over the stretch it exists, sucks for the investor in the moment. keep it simple and keep investing. your future self with thank you. tl;dr: don't try to time the market. stick to your investment strategy; dca. edit: i’m not saying today specifically is the day. i’m saying through this period of having more red days than green, however long that may last.
i used a compounding calculator to see what 200k invested will look like in 20 years only adding $100 a month going forward. is it really this easy?
voo 6 months ago
what a crazy year
i used a compounding calculator to see what 200k invested will look like in 20 years only adding 100 a month going forward. is it really this easy
how i feel buying spy/voo
finally accepted i am not warren buffett. sold my individual stocks and went 100% voo honest to god, i feel like a weight is off my shoulders. for the last 2 years i have been trying to pick stocks. watching youtube videos, reading earnings reports (that i barely understood lol), and checking my phone like 40 times a day. even at work i’d be sneaking to the bathroom to check if my tech stocks were crashing. looked at my total return yesterday and realized after all that stress and "research," i was basically flat. actually probably down if you count inflation. woke up today, sold the random junk i was holding, and dumped it all into voo. i know it’s basic. i know it’s "boring." but knowing i don't have to babysit my money anymore feels amazing. gonna delete the trading app from my phone and just auto-invest from now on. thanks to the lurkers here who keep preaching simplicity. i finally listened.
panic!!!! sell! sell! sell! get out while you still have some money left! i swear, these kids investing today. down 6% on voo and they are quaking with terror. i'd love to see them during the .com crash. that was such an amazing opportunity and we had 10 years to buy! my biggest worry is that everything will bounce back too fast for me to get more assets deployed.
which etfs on this list do you hold?
i'm 9 years old and have 2.2m to invest pls help
time to buy the dip don’t panic. buy more !!!
don't sell, don't panic, just watch in silence guys, people got rich from the 1987 crash, being much more bad than the 2025 situation and you there stressing if the world will end. common, relax everythings gonna be ok. everyone stressing by the crash but the rich are getting richer in this situations. it's not the end of the world, it's just a phase! get your things together and be chill and buy the dip!
voo is currently available at a discount! it’s a great time to keep dollar cost averaging as much as possible! if you’re a true long-term investor, now is the time to buy. and if the bottom hasn’t hit yet, continue investing regularly. while many are panicking in situations like this, seasoned investors are actually taking advantage of the opportunity.
i’m starting investing today at 20 years old! just bought 10 voo shares. is there anything else i should do? i’m all new to this so thank you everyone for any advice you can give!
i’m 22 m and started putting $50 a week for the last 2 years into my acorns ira.
why is the stock market performing well on news of government shutdown i thought this would have the opposite effect
🫡
etf dividends
2025 be like
am i the only one who didn’t realize this? vanguard’s voo is a play at 500! v is 5 in roman numerals and oo is, well.. 00 mods feel free to delete if against any guidelines.
why is everyone so emotional? why is everyone so emotional? thinking they are smart buying the dip or asking if they should sell? the posts here really just show me the majority should be in the stock market.
just hit 3k invested! college student, 21 years old. started 3 months ago.
i am so grateful i didn’t lump sum. in october of last year i received an inheritance of $250k. my single mother passed away in my early 20’s. i am 35 years old today. i live a very very modest life and work a job that pays $45k a year. this was life changing money for me that my mother sacrificed so much for. i was urged to lump sum, but looking at the market gave me a massive lump in my stomach. it looked extremely overvalued, so i began to dca into the market. as of now i still have $200k in cash left to deploy. i am still sticking with my plan to dca $10k a month into index funds, and i am looking at this market downturn as a gift. i could’ve been very wrong in my approach (and i still might be), but i am extremely grateful that this was the path i took. i hope you all hang in there during these very hard times and wishing the absolute best of luck!
today is the day the dip keeps dipping retail has been generously rewarded with the "buy the dip" strategy since the covid pandemic. buy the dip has paid off in under a year every single time there has been a downturn or correction, meaning you see profit before your new investments can even become long term capital gains taxable. today i am here to warn young investors, if tariffs stick around the dip will likely keep dipping, and when other countries retaliate it will likely continue the bearish sentiment. this is very possibly **not** a v-shaped recovery, there is actually a possibility this turns into stagflation, so please please please do not overstretch your funds. please please please do not expect the stock market to rebound immediately "like it always does", because sometimes it doesn't. please be aware of your investing and financial limits and do not over invest, you could have to wait 5+years to see a positive return. i know it's the worst thing to say and will likely get a billion eye rolls, but with tariffs this time is actually, genuinely different. because of tariffs there will be major supply chain shifts, major industrial shifts, major trade partners shifts. because of tariffs , the rest of the world will shift away from the us. don't get me wrong the stock market will be fine in the long run, but medium term? eh. short term? real muddy waters. but genuinely, actually, seriously, tariffs of this magnitude do actually fundamentally make this time different on a macroeconomic scale, do not expect things to recover as usual. tldr: please understand your risk level, please do not over invest expecting a v-shaped recovery, and please for the love of john bogle do not fucking sell unless u are dying. tariffs are actually different, this is uncharted economic territory nobody knows what will happen.
i asked gpt to roast r/etfs r/etf is where people go to discover passive investing and immediately do everything in their power to make it active. “just bought voo at the all-time high. did i ruin my future?” bro, you bought the s&p 500—not dogecoin at 3 am because some guy on tiktok winked at a chart. it's literally designed to go up over time. you didn't ruin your future. you just joined the club with everyone else who doesn't want to die broke. and then you’ve got the “is now a good time to invest?” crowd. fam, if you’re asking reddit whether it's safe to invest in the entire u.s. economy, maybe investing isn’t for you. maybe the bank with the lollipop at the counter is more your speed. if you're too scared to dca into vti, what are you going to do when your portfolio drops 30% in a real crash? cry into your vanguard login screen? every other question is either “voo or spy?” like the difference between a 0.03% and 0.04% expense ratio is going to decide your retirement age, or “is schd good?”—as if dividend etfs are the holy grail and not just boomer bait with a monthly dopamine hit. but the real mvps are the ones that say “thinking of selling now and buying back in when the market dips.” congratulations, you’ve invented day trading with etfs. next, you’ll be scalping qqq during your lunch break while reading investopedia like it’s a holy text. newsflash: if you’re timing the market with broad-market index funds, you’ve missed the whole point of why they exist. you’re trying to cheat on a test where the only correct answer is just showing up and sitting still for 30 years. and don’t get me started on the 18-year-olds dropping $100 into fxaix and asking when they’ll be millionaires. not with your attention span, my dude. you’ll sell the second cnbc says “rate hike.”
it will be fine! **the market will be just fine over time.** **buy the right and hold it tight.** **stay the course and let capitalism do its thing.** **have a great weekend, y’all.**
not a huge amount but i just hit my first $1k invested! i know people on here post about having like 500k portfolios and stuff but i’m pretty hyped. i started late and don't have a massive salary, just been throwing whatever extra cash i have into splg (cheaper voo right?) every paycheck. checked today and realized i crossed the $1,000 mark. it ain't retiring me tomorrow but seeing that number go up is kinda addictive in a good way. just wanted to share cause my friends think investing is boring lol. hope everyone is having a green week
spy comparison
my schd holdings right now... i’m dying
to all those who panic sold in the recent drop thank you for the flash sale... hope to do business with you again next month
sold my car to buy s&p500 58,850 some context, i have a fully funded emergency fund with my wife that covers us for a year, however with the markets how they are now, i knew i wanted to put money into the s&p500 and take a serious stance for growing my finances so, this week, i sold my dream car to add more funds to my investments. it had a monthly payment and i also work from home, so cost of the car was not worth it. taking the bull by the horns.
crazy, huh?
first 100k 95% voo and 5% vxus. sharing this on here because there is literally only 1 friend i can share this joy with. i’m scared of what my parents, siblings, and friends will say or feel. i haven’t been living particularly frugally; i lucked out due to my hobby being low cost to free for the most part. living far from family and friends also “help” because i don’t really have many people to go out with. can’t wait to see how it will grows from here! i’m super grateful for this community i can share my joy with! :)
what etf is better than the 30 year?
breaking news breaking: president donald trump said he would pause reciprocal tariffs on dozens of non-retaliating countries for 90 days, while raising duties on china to 125%. stocks surged on the announcement.
hot take - if you are more than 10+ years away from retirement, stop crying about the market today ... seriously, why are there so many 20-30 year olds whining about a down market in their roth ira / 401k. keep investing, and understand you have many years ahead to weather any storm. if you can’t handle the downturns and stay rational, then maybe the market isn’t for you. stop trying to time the market too. down market, up market, just stay consistent bc all markets should be lower than what the market will be 20-30-40 years from now.
18-year-old here. is this a good strategy? currently have just over $2,000 invested and adding $5/week with an 80/20 split of vti and vxus.
nancy pelosi's portfolio outperformed hedge funds in 2024 in all, their investment portfolio pulled in an estimated 54% return in 2024, more than double the s&p 500’s 25% gain — and beating every large hedge fund, according to numbers in bloomberg’s end-of-year tally of hedge funds’ returns. maybe a pelosi etf soon?
which one is your largest position?
very solid not even a flinch
set and forget 24 yr old i only contribute monthly to qqq, voo, ibit, and smh. 25% each to qqq and voo (yes i’m doubling down) 50% split goes to ibit and smh not sure why spaxx is included... it wasn’t there before and i haven’t moved money into it
major indice etfs
one year of investing weekly made my first roth ira contribution ($100) on 02/15/2024. was an absolute noob and had no idea about retirement accounts. maxed out 2023 ira on 03/08/2024 been investing every week since in ira, hsa and some in brokerage $36,000 in 401k. i’ve been contributing to it since 11/21 but got serious around the same date last year vti & vxus on fidelity vanguard admiral 500 + vanguard emerging market etf on 401k
did i mess up? hey all, i screwed up. started investing a few years back and just bought large cap index funds/etfs bc that’s what recommended to me. fast forward to today and i have a little better understanding of the market and realized that i am pretty much invested in the same type of funds. do i keep what i have or consolidate into a one or two funds? tia
every dip is a buying opportunity for long-term investors!
why wouldn’t i buy this leverage etf if i know i’ll hold it for 30 years doesn’t it basically just track the s and p but just on steroids?
anyone who owns icln
just hit 5k!!!! started last year and just hit over 5k this week. not rich just budgeted what i could to invest. its a 5 etf roth. 65% voo 10% schg schd shld and 5% fdvv. keep it moving up :).
compound interest of s&p 500 is this true?
voo reaches $502. do i keep piling in? so i've been buy 3 or 4 shares of voo every month for the last few years and that's going pretty well. it's money for decades ahead of now. i want to avoid 'guessing the market' or any sort of risky stuff. i'm certainly not considering selling, but now wondering if i should plow on with my strategy, or place the money in a savings fund that i have that is 5% interest a year. and by voo with that money if it falls. should i just stick with my so far simple and effective plan?
why are the democrats twice as good at stockpicking this year? nanc vs kruz - represents the stocks owned by the members of congress. makes me wonder if the dems are sharing information with each other since they are currently in power? or did the republicans just pick poorly? interesting stuff either way
best growth funds
in college right now, i’m investing 20 dollars biweekly.
just buy
i put $75k into the market on july 7th. i know, i know, you can’t time the market you can just have time in the market. it’ll go back up, i’m just chuckling that after weeks of research and deliberation i basically bought the (local) top. i figured if anyone would feel my pain it’s the folks in this sub.
1 year journey of deciding to buy 1 voo for every month added to my kids birthday until they are 18! started only a year ago so buying every week to catch up to their ages of 10 & 5 years! need 2 more years of weekly buying before i can switch to monthly!
just hit 10k in my roth just hit 10k with my 3 etf roth ira. i have 65% voo 17.50% shld amd 17.50% schg
surely this is some sort of market manipulation?? trumps dumping the market and then buying the dip in secret.
the best thing about etf’s
i’m new to etfs. i paid a financial management firm 1k/year to manage “extra” 50k funds and this is the mix they provided. what do you think?
i’m in my 20’s, i set up a recurring payments for these etfs every week! good investments?
best performers which of these are in your portfolio?
for the past month
let’s settle this voo vs vti debate once and for all. voo and vti are both low-cost, broadly diversified exchange-traded funds (etfs) that track major u.s. stock indexes. voo tracks the s&p 500 index, which is made up of the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the united states. this means that voo is heavily invested in large-cap stocks, which tend to be more stable and have lower volatility than smaller-cap stocks. voo has outperformed vti slightly over the past 10 years. vti tracks the crsp us total market index, which includes all publicly traded companies in the united states, regardless of their size. this means that vti is more diversified than voo, with a greater exposure to mid-cap and small-cap stocks. since both etf’s have specific advantages, **there is nothing wrong with investing in both vti and voo** as long as you understand the overlap between the two is relatively high. this means that investing in both etfs will not provide you with a great deal of additional diversification. regardless, investing in both may be a great way to increase small and mid-cap exposure without sacrificing large-cap growth.
just bought more voo at $526 today 🤷 ‍ who else is buy more and more voo as it goes down? i want to bounce back as hard as possible with the lowest average stock buy price possible. if it goes down to $500 i am buying even more. my time horizon is 30 years so it has time to bounce back. buy green & buy red and let time in the market do the heavy lifting. 🫡
little over a year investing. 20m. any advice is appreciated.
voo is dipping below $600 again i’ve been dcaing on mondays, so in staying disciplined i haven’t purchased any for this dip yet. it’s nice to see it back to september prices though. who knows it could dip below $500 again (though probably not any time soon).
dividend etfs which are currently in your portfolio?
voo below $500 as of right now dig in !
chatgpt roasting us all in this group
today is my first time manually putting money into an etf. feels kind of scary knowing how much 1 share is. i'm a 32m living in the bay area with no kids or a house. this is my first time manually putting money from my paycheck into an etf like this. i went with voo since it seems really popular as a safe long-term etf according to this subreddit. feels like the first day of the rest of my life when it comes to financial planning.
32f, i started investing in the beginning of 2025. the goal is to hit 1m hopefully in around 10 years. should i do anything different? (i can keep investing 50k yearly)
is this why we won’t have a crash this year?
a comment on voo/vti/vt and “chilling” hey, if anyone has been on this sub long enough, they will probably come across a top comment along the lines of “just invest 100% in voo/vti/vt and chill!” while this is probably pretty solid advice if one is into a one-fund approach, i wanted to do a write-up and share the little knowledge and thoughts i have regarding all this. there is also broadly the question of which of these three is right for you (as for reasons that will become apparent, it doesn't make sense to invest in more than one of these three). first of all, reddit has a vanguard bias for some reason. while voo is a great fund, i think it is worth mentioning that spym is a great alternative to track the same thing. as for vti, schb is a good alternative should you not want to buy into vanguard. always consider expense ratios when buying etfs because small differences will add up in the long run. secondly, it’s also worth noting that investing in a bond etf like sgov or bnd can be beneficial as you age, because it adds stability to your portfolio at the expense of some growth as you near retirement. the “120 rule” suggests subtracting your age from 120 to determine the percentage of your portfolio that should be invested in equities, with the rest allocated to bonds. for instance, if you’re 30 years old, you would invest 90 percent in vt (as an example) and the remaining 10 percent in sgov. broadly though, we should appreciate what each of these three vanguard funds does. voo tracks large-cap companies in the united states, specifically the s&p 500. this is a good way to buy into the largest companies in the united states and really invest in the benchmark for how the united states is doing. investing in the s&p 500 started as a broad strategy to diversify your portfolio. if you imagine it’s 2000 and you were to pick and choose what companies to invest in, you could pick apple and buy stock in what would end up being one of the most successful companies in the world, but you could have also bought into enron and gone bust. by buying into a diversified portfolio, you are buying into the collective wisdom of the market. okay, next the question is: what about the companies outside the top 500? well, you can invest in the total us stock market with vti. however, keep in mind these funds are weighted by market capitalization (meaning the bigger the company, the more it represents in the portfolio). for that reason, you should think of voo as making up roughly 85% of vti. with vti, you are buying into the other 2,500+ companies to further diversify your portfolio. finally, what about international? well, vt is vti plus stocks from all over the world. vti specifically makes up roughly 60% of vt, so think of vt as your option if you want to diversify with stocks from outside the us. now, vti and vt, in vanguard’s wisdom, have divided these percentages up as they did, but you are free to make a three-fund portfolio and pick and choose as you wish. vtwo, vanguard's russell 2000 etf, tracks the mid- and small-cap companies that are added to voo to make vti (more or less, of course). vxus is vanguard’s total international stock etf, which more or less is the 40% added to vti to make vt. one misconception is that choosing voo, vti, or vt eliminates judgment. in reality, selecting among them *is* a judgment call. if you believe (what may very well be the case) that more diversification is always the safest option when investing long-term (10 or 20 or 30 years), vt might be the right option. however, there is reason to believe us large-cap companies will outperform mid/small caps and/or the international market. of course, the opposite may be true. with the looming supposed ai bubble, mid- and small-cap companies may prove more valuable. or, if you (for what i personally believe is an erroneous belief) think the us will step away as the leader of business on the world stage in the next 10/20/30 years, you may wish to invest more in international stocks. there is no universally correct answer. each fund reflects a different worldview about how markets may evolve and how much diversification you value. edit/addendum: hey, just wanted to add this to respond to a lot of general comments. i do find it a little funny that multiple people are complaining that the post is too long and they didn’t read it but are sharing their thoughts anyway. nobody is forcing you to read what i wrote, so just ignore the post if you don’t want to read it. regardless, **tl;dr: i’ve noticed on the sub that the common advice given is to invest 100% in a single broad-market etf like voo, vti, or vt and “chill.” if you didn’t know: voo tracks the 500 largest u.s. companies; vti tracks voo plus u.s. mid- and small-cap companies (voo is ≈ 85% of vti); and vt tracks the entire world supposedly (vti is ≈ 60% of vt). there is no “no-brainer” option, and selecting one of these is a decision about your view of how different sectors of the economy will perform and how much you want to hedge your assumptions by further diversifying.** with that tl;dr out of the way, i think some people are confused and asking what fund i would recommend then, which is beside the point. the truth is i don’t know whether in 10/20/30 years voo, vti, or vt will outperform the others, and nobody can say with confidence which will. granted, as others have pointed out, going 100% into any of these will most likely yield you a strong return in a couple of decades, so in that sense you can’t go wrong. however, some are taking that fact and running with the idea that i am overthinking it, which sure might be the case because going 100% into any of these three options would all be good ideas. nevertheless, going in on one etf for the foreseeable future (and possibly through retirement) is a huge decision that i personally think warrants consideration beyond someone coming and asking a specific investment question and getting a platitude response without much further explanation. i think if someone takes the time to come to this subreddit and ask a question, they may be interested in a more thoughtful explanation. regardless of whether you pick voo, vti, or vt, you are betting (i hate using that word because it makes investing sound like gambling, which it isn’t, but regardless the verbiage explains the point) that large-cap companies in the u.s. will grow and succeed over the extended future. by investing in vti, you are, in a certain sense, hedging that bet by bringing in mid- to small-cap companies that potentially could outperform in certain years and make your portfolio stronger in the long run. with vt, you are hedging the same way but with international companies. if you do your own research, you can pick different funds and form your own portfolio based upon how diversified you want to be. simplicity is generally key, but going 100% into any of these three funds, while a good investment in my opinion, is not your only option.
why do weed stocks perform so poorly?

here we go: china deepseek. it’s going to get ugly, but buy the dip! yall heard the news. chinese ai more efficient and cheaper. this is going to tank the american big tech, they can’t deliver on the numbers they said they could now. our index funds/etf are tech heavy. it will be a bloodbath! this is the correction and pullback that we all been waiting for. here we go: let’s buy the dip!!!! who’s buying?!
brkb has outperformed voo by 24.65% ytd kind of crazy that a single fund is out performing the s&p 500 by almost 25% ytd. for those that are all in the s&p 500, do you have any regrets? is anyone in brkb? i personally don’t have any regrets being mostly all in voo right now (with a few individual companies) but you can’t argue with warren buffets results during a draw down and his company is up 14% ytd. he also sold off a lot of his stock before this draw down and was sitting on something like 300 billion cash.
meta: is there anything we can do about the fact that 90% of the posts in this sub are all just asking to ‘rate my portfolio’, most of which contain the same handful of etfs? hi everyone, i’m a fairly new user on this sub but i just wanted to bring up the conversation on something i’ve noticed. if you look at the posts in the sub, almost all of them are from people asking others to rate their portfolio. aside from the fact that it’s hard to see so few posts on any other topic, it drives me nuts that the portfolios of users on this sub, are often fairly identical. everyone owns the same nasdaq stocks, ark funds, betz, clean energy, and marijuana. another post that’s even more infuriating is when people want this sub to do their due diligence for them and basically their entire post consist of “what do you think about $wxyz, should i buy it?”. there’s never any other info on the post either, like what made you believe that this might be a good etf to invest in in the first place. i have a few proposals to curb this kind of behavior and hopefully make this sub better : 1. a post in the sidebar to a link on the basics of how to construct a portfolio, or simple etf investment strategies. this hopefully will decrease the number of daily new posts asking about this. 2. a post on the side bar with detailed answers to why this sub is generally in favor of or against certain commonly inquired about etfs. if everyone is going to build their portfolios so similarly, we may as well have a prepared post with the subs concensus on stocks like icln, arkg, qqqm, spy, msos, lit, blok etc... 3. we could start a monthly subreddit favorite etf funds post. maybe put up a poll or a stickies discussion thread on which etfs everyone currently loves. this way if the top 10 funds users on this sub approve of are easily available, people can stop asking about them in those types of posts 4. this is my favorite suggestion. in order for anyone to post asking for feedback on their portfolio, they must share one piece of due diligence in their post, preferably about a stock they are inquiring about. you have to tell us why you like the stock and how it got included in your portfolio, even if your reasons are basic and incomplete. anyone who is investing in etfs without doing some type of dd is a fool of they’re blindly following the advice they get from strangers on here. even if it’s something as giving us the p/e ratio, div yield, expense ratio and top 10 holdings, that’s more than what most posts contain. in doing so, i think the number of new posts without due diligence that just ask the sub to do the work for someone will decrease, and hopefully if everyone is sharing dd then we’ll all learn something new when we come on here. let me know what you all think. if you have some suggestion your own, i’d love to hear them!
voo and chill after trying various investments these past few weeks, i’ve come to the realization that the saying of “voo and chill” is 100% true. it is now the largest etf in the world. putting in $1000 weekly going forward. good luck out there, investors!
wanted to save you guys some time so i created the r/etf’s topic wheel
just hit $100k :) just hit a personal goal of mine and thought i’d celebrate it here since i don’t know if i should tell anyone irl. breakdown: $68k in spaxx (4.97) making around $300/month $18k on voo (dca’ing $1k/month) from spaxx roth ira: vti (70%) vxus (30%) maxing it out every year, unfortunately missed a year of growth as i started at 19. money came from yt adsense / w2 jobs. not sure if i should tell family/friends
this subreddit is not healthy. the content on this subreddit violates the very principles that etf investing is intended for. "is this going to be a black monday?" who cares, if you're investing for the long term it literally does not matter. "should i wait another week for the market to tank to buy voo?" nobody knows if an etf is going to go up, down, sideways or in fucking circles, least of all r/etf posters, right? it's all a fugayzi, you know what a fugayzi is? i do not understand why half the people on this subreddit insist on treating it like wsb. just find a sustainable strategy that fits your investing goals, set some money aside each month, and enjoy your green schwab portfolio in 30 years.
i am wondering if this will be a bull run year, crash, correction, or huge gains! what is everyone’s predictions?
boys see this and just say “hell yea”
life's too short to be the richest person in the retirement home. just wanted to say that, that’s it.
postmortem: can someone please explain why the s&p 500 did not drop more than 4-5% today? does anyone have a decent explanation? i know it will be after the fact rationalization, but i'd still like to hear them.
all seems overvalued, except for buffett's company (p/e ratio market map)
when you know fundamentals matter... but the headlines are screaming recession.
bad to own both voo & vti 🤔 i’ve been told many times that it’s the worst idea to own both vti & voo. overlap overlap overlap. my 401k account only offers vti as the best option, otherwise i would of chosen voo, the next best option was i believe some midcap etf and target date funds. i’d rather just keep my 401k with vtiq and accept the overlap, thoughts?
tough decade ahead for s&p 500 what do people make of this? don’t buy sxr8?
vanguard announces fee cuts for nearly 100 funds, including etfs with billions of dollars in assets
this sub in a nutshell
keep buying! emotionally you want to sell, but this is a great buying opportunity. if you are in your 20s 30s or even 40s... a market correct, even a recession, is great for your long term outlook. continue to buy month after month, you are lowering your cost basis and exponentially increasing your long term returns because of it. stay the course, continue to invest - do not panic sell.
here’s to the next 30 years! here’s to riding this for the next few decades!
finally crossed the threshold :) we had projected to be here by the end of the year but the recent runs have us ahead of schedule. our portfolio is 75% etfs and they out perform regularly. i'm 2 months from 43yo, so well behind, but learned about all of this stuff on my own and am now investing pretty heavily (3-4k per month) trying to catch up. love when folks share these milestones as it's motivating and projecting to be cross the next 100k in a little over 2 years is amazing! let's just hope ai doesn't come through and dismantle the economy as we have all always known it before then! anyway, just felt like sharing. cheers to you all for the continued inspo in this sub!
overlap police in this sub when you own voo and qqq at the same time
how is everyone coping / dealing with this historic 2 day loss? i was unfortunate to lump sum and aggressively invest into voo starting in nov 2024 and am now down 12% what are some strategies for dealing with losses and fear of economic uncertainty? i feel like this is a historic time and something we have not seen before, which makes me uneasy. i have a long timeline and am only 37 years old, but there is still an uneasy feeling and a level of uncertainty that is certainly not comfortable. what are doing in these difficult times? is anyone selling for a loss? edit: down now 13%+
off my chest : finally free of stocks, i'm done i had 100k. i thought i could beat the market. i just wanted to make more money so life would be easier in the future. get rich quick got to my head. i went up to 101k, then down to 95k, then 93k, then 98k and finally 97k. i'm done. no more. i said i would go etfs before but i kept thinking maybe i will get lucky. no more. i think i have gotten addicted, especially this past month where i am, constantly looking for a dip or trying to sell on news or looking at earnings and whatever. i'm done now. i lost 3k. i'm going to keep what i have. i uninstalled yahoo finance and turned on dividend reinvestment. going with: 75% voo 10% schg 10% schd 5% schy maybe not the most efficient group, but it is fine for now. i learned my lesson. i'm down essentially 3% but it is what it is. i can't do this anymore. sorry, i just wanted to get that off my chest. thank you for reading.
just in: us federal court blocks president trump's liberation day tariffs from taking effect. just in: us federal court blocks president trump's liberation day tariffs from taking effect.
got my first whole voo i am 23 year old student who lives in a third world country (our average salary is like 450 dollars). due to some health issues, i just be able to start investing. today i got my first whole voo (1.105 to be precise). i am working part-time in a company and i think they are gonna make a job offer to me. happy to be with you all and want to continue my investing journey for a long time. [fund is a american market fund from my country's bank. i am converting it to voo when it sums up to a decent amount. crypto is all btc ](
the market is on sale don’t be drake today.
how long did it take you to realize.. that voo is roman numeral 5 (v) + 2 0s for “500” /s&p500? it personally took me way too long
top stock exchange returns 2015-2025
anyone else still voo and chilling? lately a lot of noise on the topic of inevitable downfall of voo/spy, etc. wondering if anyone else is still chilling on voo or any other s&p500 index, how are you coping?
are us stocks overpriced, or is there just nowhere else to get yield?
stop denying the math !
s&p 500
started out with $0 i wanted to share with someone that i hit my goal of $1,000 in my roth ira within a year of opening the account. i started grad school making 20k a year, no retirement, and little savings. after reading ramit sethi’s book i opened up a roth ira and had a goal within a year to make it to a grand. i have a full time job now making a decent salary and some money in savings. i can’t wait to get more aggressive with my contributions this year.
bought voo at the highest point in market in mid feb. needs some comfort and advice. hi, i purchased some (5000$) voo in mid-february, around the highest point. this is quite disheartening because i was waiting for the "dip" for so long, but it just did not come. so i convinced myself that the wolf would not come. yet, right after i purchased voo, it came. i just need some comfort; i feel like an idiot and an unlucky basterd.
lesson learnt in the last bull market during the last bull market cycle in 2020-21, i made a decision that turned out to be one of the biggest financial mistakes of my life. i sold all my 401(k) investments and put everything into arkk, believing it was the ultimate winner. 2022 market correction was a wake-up call. watching my portfolio take a significant hit was a harsh lesson in the dangers of chasing hype. couple years ago, i sold my arkk holdings and shifted everything into fxaix. since then, i’ve been consistently investing my 401(k) contributions into this fund, and i plan to stick with it until retirement. currently 32 years old. moving forward, i’ve decided to keep things simple—focus on the market as a whole and avoid speculative plays in my 401(k). lesson learnt 1. never trust cathie wood 2. only trust voo / fxaix
etfs visual
honestly i think im done with "smart" investing. selling everything for voo. idk if anyone else feels like this but i am actually losing my mind watching the s&p rip every single day while my "diversified" portfolio just sits there doing nothing. ive been doing the whole boglehead thing for like 3 years now. holding vti and vxus and some avuv because someone on here told me small cap value is the holy grail. well guess what? my friends who literally just bought spy or qqq and forgot about it are absolutely crushing me. like it’s not even close. i look at my international funds and its just red or flat. everyone says "oh but valuations are lower overseas" yeah well maybe they are lower for a reason?? i feel like an idiot betting against amazon and google just to own some random nestle stock or whatever is in vxus. im seriously considering just selling it all tomorrow and dumping 100% into voo and deleting the app. i know as soon as i do that the market will crash but i cant take the fomo anymore. seeing 20 year olds on tiktok making 40% returns while im bragging about my 6% "risk adjusted" return is painful. am i being dumb? is international actually going to do anything or is this just a trap for people who read too many textbooks. roast me if you want but i need a reality check before i rage sell everything.
officially giving up on picking stocks. you guys win tried to be a "trader" for the last year. watched hours of youtube, drew lines on charts, stressed out every single morning. just did the math and im literally down money. meanwhile my friend who knows absolutely nothing about finance just buys vti every month and is up. actually hurts my ego lol. anyway deciding to swallow my pride. selling all my random individual stocks tomorrow morning and dumping it into vti and maybe some vxus. guess im officially boring now. hope the peace of mind is worth it cause i am tired of having heart attacks over earnings reports. just wanted to vent to people who get it.
3 etf mistakes i made as a beginner (don’t be like me ) when i first started investing in etfs, i thought i was being smart, diversified, and chill. turns out, i was just *enthusiastically confused*. here are 3 etf mistakes i made early on—hopefully you can dodge these better than i did: **1. owning 3 different s&p 500 etfs and thinking i was diversified** “oh nice, this one has lower fees... but this one has cooler branding... and this one? eh, why not!” spoiler: they all did basically the same thing. i somehow managed to be *diversified in redundancy*. **2. ignoring the expense ratio because ‘it’s just 0.5%’** 0.5% doesn’t *sound* like much, until you realize you're donating a small but consistent slice of your returns every year. my past self would’ve saved more just by being a little lazier and picking a low-fee etf instead. **3. chasing the hottest thematic etfs like i was picking crypto coins** “oh wow, this etf focuses on drone-delivered organic vegan pet food startups? to the moon!” yeeeah... i learned the hard way that hype ≠ returns. sometimes boring is beautiful. **tl;dr:** keep it simple. watch the fees. and don’t overthink it—etfs are supposed to make life easier, not turn you into a fund hoarder with commitment issues. what were your early etf blunders? let me know i’m not alone
first year of maxing my roth ira at 36. should i just stick at voo and chill?
anyone else buying voo on sale right now? dipping. highest peak for voo about 2 weeks ago was like $519 a share. it has since dropped down to like $490 a share ( and prob will keep dipping). i just bought some more today. been buying this little dip run ever since it’s been dropping from its ath. honestly does feel like i’m trying to catch a falling knife lol. but at this point my portfolio is in the red, might as well keep buying this dip all the way down. who’s with me?! crossing my fingers we’ll be able to look back one day and see this as a discount. 🤣
$4,000/month into voo too much? should i diversify? for context, i'm 27m. i have a good job. i'm able to set aside around $4,000 to invest in the stock market. i can put all into voo. but is that too much into one etf? should i put some into gold, silver, bitcoin, maybe some into riskier assets? any recommendations?
when you realize vti already did what your 50-tab spreadsheet was trying to do. spends 3 weeks researching thematic / sector etfs with possible higher yields. also me: still ends up 100% vti and chill. let’s be real—how much of your portfolio is just broad market etfs? anyone here still going heavy into sector-specific or thematic plays?
is vt really the best long term investment? i heard many ppl say that just buy vt and wait. but in terms of return there are many other etfs that outpreform vt is vt really the best etf if i just want to invest my money somewhere and dont care about it? or is adding a bit of other etfs better?
21, everything in voo ? i’m 21 years old. just got started with my roth ira. i’m confused with the things that i read, different people have different opinions on what to invest in. should i put everything in voo then? i really want to get serious about this. thank you for your help!
so i just bought 100k of vt all at once after hesitating for months it came out to 868 shares. no regrets. that was roughly half my savings too. i need to keep some liquid cash and i have it in vanguard money market with a 5.28 % sec yield. i don't want to risk everything.
comparing voo and vti for first time investor. i made a post earlier today about being ready to start seriously investing for the first time. i am 25 years old living in the us, and i’ll start with at least contributing $500 every 2 weeks. i just got hired at my first serious job recently since graduating, and am earning enough money to regularly contribute. unfortunately, i can’t begin my 401k with them until a year of employment, but i want to begin investing now. i’ve most likely decided to lead with voo or vti and just build one of them for a while. i got curious researching the two, and was able to make a comparison chart in fidelity. i found that they have been nearly identical in percentage growth for the past year, and even years beyond that not shown in the chart. what reason would i have to invest in one over the other as a first time investor?
now is the time to buy blood in the streets and factors are largely temporal buy solid etfs and index and be patient!!!!!
finally reached $10,000 i'm 23 and 7 months ago i got my first full time job. i started aggressively investing every check into voo. when i started $10,000 seemed impossible to reach, but now that i'm here i feel like i have barely started. it feels good to finally see some real progress and i just wanted to share with anyone else my age that it is possible. i also started investing in schf for personal reasons, but if anyone has advice or anything i'm always open.
130k and i'm panicking i'm 30 years old, i'm spanish and i have a fair amount of wealth. i also own a house and a car, already paid for. i have no debts. the problem? i don't know how to manage this liquidity i have in my account. i tried to rely on financial advisors, but they only care about their commission, they don't care about my growth. consequently i am afraid to invest and lose my capital. i understand financial tools but what i really lack is someone i can trust to tell me how to create an income in the coming years. unfortunately, with the job i have, i am unable to commit myself fully to studying. in recent years i have missed out on so many investment opportunities. my friends tell me to put everything on msci world and wait. is it really that simple?
my first investment
advice for newcomers... time in the market beats timing it.
do you really believe/think stock price will continue to drop? after today's drop (03/28), i've noticed many people saying stocks have more room to fall. some believe trump's policies will severely harm the economy and even lead to a recession, suggesting this decline is just beginning. others point to technical analysis or momentum perspective, saying the current spx/nq has dropped below the 200-day moving average, and failed to go up the 200ma line. this would indicate that the price has more down room. most of my investments are in spy and qqq, with more qqq. but whenever i hear predictions like this, i always wonder: if everyone truly expects the stock to decline further, wouldn't that decline already be priced in? for example, if people were sure a 2% drop was coming, they could simply sell now and repurchase at a lower price, locking in gains instantly. also, while trump's policies seem concerning, he's already been in office for two months—shouldn't those worries already be reflected in current prices? i'm genuinely interested in hearing your thoughts on this. from my perspective, today's drop looks more like an opportunity to load more shares at a discount.
dear sir or madam, about your portfolio ... i am an experienced investor (decades) and many would consider my wife and i to be rich. i stumbled across this subreddit a couple of weeks ago. what i found was some occasional sound advice but many substantially identical posts from young folks saying that they are long-term investors and asking about equity investment choices. i’m going to try to make a generic response as i am far too lazy to respond to each one. here goes: sir or madam: you are holding too many equity funds and there is significant overlap in holdings. two or maybe three equity funds is plenty for a long term investor. we hold one fund. your holdings have been mostly influenced by recent events. ([ during the decades of your portfolio’s life asset values will wax and wane in completely unpredictable ways. spend some quality time studying a few quilt charts if you think you have some special talent for predicting the future. spoiler: you don’t. ([ back testing and careful study of funds’ histories are at best a waste of time and at worst dangerous. specifically, in the future many recent sector winners like qqq will revert to the mean or will be among the 5-10% of funds that fail and are closed or merged every year. you are looking at your investments far too often. behavioral finance research has shown that investors who look at their portfolios frequently have worse results than those who do not. looking once a year is a good frequency; looking once every few months is fine if that’s the limit to your self-discipline. ration your trades. allowing yourself one or two trades a year is a good place to start. you cannot time the market. (taylor larimore's market timing quotes [ here is some wisdom from experts who know more about investing than any of us little guys ever will: * warren buffett: “the stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.” * buffett: "much success can be attributed to inactivity. most investors cannot resist the temptation to constantly buy and sell." ... "lethargy, bordering on sloth should remain the cornerstone of an investment style." * william bernstein: “you are not as good looking, as charming, or as good a driver as you think you are. the same goes for your investing abilities. in an environment filled with incredibly smart, hard-working, and well-informed participants the smartest trading strategy is not to trade at all.” * 18th century economist adam smith's comment on some human delusions: "the overweening conceit which the greater part of men have of their own abilities \[and\] their absurd presumption in their own good fortune." as quoted in "against the gods; the remarkable story of risk" by peter bernstein. so, what to do? first, stop playing with your food. if you’ve bought, don’t buy any more. if you’ve not yet bought, don’t. remember will rogers’ advice: "there are three kinds of men. the one that learns by reading. the few who learn by observation. the rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves." do some reading to educate yourself: * "if you can" by william bernstein [ (free 16 page download with further reading recommendations) * "the coffee house investor" by bill schultheis [ (this is bill's first book; read it before reading his second one.) * "the bogleheads guide to investing" by taylor larimore et al [ * "the simple path to wealth" by jl collins: [ extra credit: * "winning the loser's game" by charles ellis [ (latest edition, may 2021) that’s enough for now. successful investing is boring. if you’re not bored you’re not doing it right. good luck.
21m roth ira growth since age 16 throwaway account. really proud of this, no one else in my life knows or would care. became obsessed with stocks/investing when my grandma gifted me 1 share of apple for my 13th birthday ($100 value at the time). begged my parents to open a custodial roth ira for me as soon as i got my first job and had taxed income. i’ve maxed out every year since (still need to do my 2024 contribution though but have the 7k cash sitting in a hysa). should i start buying some other etfs?
17m just started investing need tips i know this is probably horrible investment wise. any suggestions would be amazing.
[serious] this subreddit has such recency bias that goldfish look like they have photographic memory. in light of all of the "should i sell posts" i have to speak up a bit. 2 weeks ago you look at any rate my portfolio post and nearly everyone is recommending every high-risk etf you could name. arkk, arkg, arkw, arkq, icln, yolo, moon, tan, lit, i can keep going. and these were all recommended knowing damn well that a correction was due. and nearly unanimously every person would say something along the lines of "buy and don't sell", "cathie wood could sell me on immortality at this point", "there'll be a correction i'm sure, but don't sell." now the second a "correction appears to happen" you all panic. the market will bounce back, bottom line. it's like people forgot about the horrible drop when the pandemic happened. now looking back, everyone wishes they bought more stock around then. go ahead and sell, it not my portfolio and i don't lose sleep over your decisions. but let me double-check how far this correction has been so far. yep.. checking ... the s&p is down to where we were all the way back to... exactly one month ago. yep. the nasdaq100 is down to ... 3 months ago. incredible. arkk is down slightly where it was in january 1... 2 months ago. but disregard all of that. maybe the moral of the story is that reddit shouldn't be defining your portfolio because no one knows what they're doing. the swarm of ark followers has sort of disappeared. i haven't seen a single renewable energies etf post that sounds like they're keeping it. don't just "hear what's good" and then buy it and then the second "you hear what's bad", sell it. jack bogle said it best. there's nothing wrong with the etf (with regards to tifs), as long as you don't trade it. ​ second bottom line. 100 vt or vti/vxus. never worry about this shit again. do some flash cards and build that memory back up.
i did it!!! went to fidelity and opened up a roth ira and put 100% in fxaix (max out ira every year or $583 a month) opened up a personal account and put 100% into vt ($200 monthly). plus upped my with holding in my 401k to 7%... feeling kinda good today.
this sub needs to change its name to “rate my etf” it’s just a circle jerk of someone with 23% voo to someone with 25.5% voo then a smattering of the most popular etfs. this sub is boring as fuck. it’s the same shit daily. “ohhhh i’m 123 years old and i put $900 into voo and ark series etfs when you said they would dip” fuckin hell
learn to fish - guidelines for building your portfolio being that most of this sub is just a rate my portfolio thread, it seems you guys dont know how to construct one from scratch. im by no means some financial overlord but i do work in the industry and i think i can give you some guidelines as far as how to assemble one instead of just asking a bunch of other people (who also have no idea what theyre doing), so lets get started. ​ first, this is only going to cover the equity portion of your portfolio - most of you seem to be 19-29 so you shouldnt have bonds anyway. keep enough cash to sleep at night but i wouldnt suggest bonds for you youngins quite yet, especially since they yield basically 0 at this point. second, these portfolios are fine for your trad, roth, or individual account. they are supposed to be long term investments; you want day trading go somewhere else. third, you guys are the least patient group of people ever. a few months ago every thread was just stanning the ark funds being like 100% of your portfolio then as soon as they go down you post about value funds, dividends and even bonds, lmao! if you have conviction in your strategy you just dca into all your funds. the corrections are just when things are on sale. nothing of note has changed with arks style, approach or management team other than minor analyst turnover, so if you liked them in december, you should like them just as much now. fourth, lets touch on international stocks. over long periods they do not seem to outperform us stocks. however, they can be uncorrelated so you can decrease volatility in your portfolio with increased diversification. just know you might be sacrificing a bit of long term gains. now, theres no scientific reason why me, you or anyone can say that they're certain that us stocks will outperform foreign over the next 40 years, so you can have intl exposure if you want to, i personally dont have any but up to 25% i think is ok. 40% like some target date funds i think is too high. fifth, none of these percentages are concrete. people like to think in 5s and 10s so these are just some general starting points, it doesnt matter if the prices of the etfs and the value of your portfolio only work out to 7s and 13s, its fine. sixth, i used mostly vanguard etfs for these, but any equivalent is probably fine. theres not much difference especially in indexes, pick invesco, schwab or fidelity if you want. seventh, qqq is pretty popular and the idea of using that instead of voo is pretty interesting, something to consider if you want, but i dont have strong enough conviction to say its objectively better and using a crazy 10 year tech run might not be the best advice, but i dont think its bad advice either. eighth - be careful when looking at historical returns presented as "evidence." most people would say that going back 1 month proves nothing, same with one year. but what about 5 years? 10 years? is a 20 year sample size good enough? ok, you're going all the way back to 1926? wouldnt the last 20 years be more indicative of the current market than when people were on horse and buggy? there's no concrete cut off date when the sample becomes large enough but the super small and super large samples both seem silly to me. there are some trends that you might be able to pick up on, but be careful when people just throw out some of these and use it as fact for their whole investment thesis. the people who shouted value in 2015 because growth just had a crazy run, valuations were high and value tends to outperform over the long term have been absolutely buttfucked by growth bulls the last 5 years. its fine to have a tilt, but try to have a portfolio that will do ok even if you're wrong. ok, enough qualifiers, lets do this. portfolio 1 - i dont know anything but i want to invest vt - 100% you get max diversification and minimum volatility by investing in the entire earth. you only have to worry about buying one thing the rest of your life and you're probably going to outperform your robinhood trading meme moron friends. this is fine and if you just want maximum simplicity and getting one etf the rest of your life prevents you from impulse trading just do this for 40 years and youll have a nice juicy net worth when you're old. anything beyond this you are basically weighing certain things that you think will outperform (for example, i think vti will outperform vt over 10, 20, 40 years etc. however, i am being more specific by buying only us stocks. this has some risk, albeit small imo. because its added risk, you have a chance of outperforming and a chance of underperforming. as the portfolios get more complex, we will be specifying more, adding more risk, thus more chance to outperform and more chance to underperform. portfolio 2 - i want to control my ratio of us and intl exposure, but i'm still very new vti, vxus - any % you want vt is 60/40 which i think is way too much intl so you can make it 85/15 or 90/10 or 50/50, whatever you want. if youre really feeling frisky, you can split vxus into vea and vwo (developed and emerging markets) but just vxus is totally fine. ​ portfolio 3 - differentiating by market cap voo, vxf or voo, vo, vb the general vti is about 72% large cap, 24% mid cap, 9% small cap. mid and small caps tend to outperform over long periods while also being more volatile. this makes sense because a small company can 10x easier than a huge company like jnj or jpm can. however, they are generally less proven, tenured, have less cash flow, more debt and less market share, so they can bust more easily as well. personally, i'm a big proponent of having a larger weight of smalls/mids than the general vti. you dont want to cut out the big dudes entirely (who wants to miss out on the faangs?) but having a bigger weight than 25ish % *could* give you more long term gains. ​ weighting growth vs value. these portfolios are a bit more complicated since i separated market cap size as well as value vs growth etfs. key point is i would high recommend having some of each, not going exclusively one or the other. portfolio 4 - value bent, conservative vonv - lg value 25% vug - lg growth 25% vxf - smids 15% viov - small value 10% vfqy - quality factor 10% vig - dividend appreciation 15% small cap stocks and value stocks have outperformed historically so if you want to mimic that you can add quality factor, extra small value weight and vig (div appreciation is companies that continuously raise their dividend, meaning they have the balance sheet stability to do so, usually more solid companies). you can alter the weights any way you like ​ portfolio 5 - value bent, aggressive vonv - lg value 20% vug - lg growth 20% vxf - smids 20% viov - small value 20% vbk - small growth 10% vfva - value factor 5% vfqy - quality factor 5% this goes heavy into small caps and has 2 factor based funds. i'd say this is about as aggressive as a growth/tech bear can be. ​ portfolio 6 - growth bent, aggressive tech companies have huge margins and much lower overhead, theyve dominated and going against them seems wrong to you. legacy banks, brick and mortar stores and consumer staples are not where the money is going. the internet is here, the future is now, to the moon baby! vug - lg growth 40% ivog - mid growth - 20% viog - small growth 10% viov - small value 10% voe - mid value 15% vfmo - momentum factor 5% ​ portfolio 7 - tech bull, very aggro bro vti - 50% vgt - tech 15% arkk or arkw - mrs wood sitting on your face 15% wcld - cloud computing 10% vwo - emerging markets 10% ​ portfolio 8 - i just did molly, make me a 'folio dude - a hyper aggressive portfolio which i think is a bit excessive but not necessarily bad. vti - 40% arkg - ark genomics 10% arkw - ark internet 10% wcld - cloud computing 5% ibuy - online retail 5% betz - sports betting 5% hero - video games/esports 5% vwo - emerging markets 5% vfmo - momentum 8% gbtc - bitcoin 2% ​ ​ hopefully these give a decent view of how to modify or deviate from just vt or vti/vxus. theres nothing wrong with those, but they aren't guaranteed to be the best either. and if you want to be uber aggressive, thats fine, most of you are like 19. just do it in a measured way and stick to the strategy for years, dont switch it up every 6 weeks, dca for a decade and you'll all be fine.
100k lump sum into voo - 1 year introspection tl;dr at bottom. i (26 m) am very new to investing and made the decision to lump sum 100k into voo last year at the end of august. i bought into it when voo was around 515. little did it know, september is historically the worst month for stocks. voo did indeed drop right after to 496. did i panic? yes. did i think i messed up? yes. however, i decided to stick with it and trust in “time in the market beats timing the market”. now 1 year later, with voo over 600, i do not regret my choice. would it have been better if i waited a little to buy at 496? or even in april of 2025 when it dropped down to 465? yes, it would have been amazing. however, as a new investor, i could not have predicted that. if i decided to hold off for “when it gets lower”, i could’ve missed the potential gains i’ve had. in the long term (15 - 20 years), i can see how it would be negligible. i have continued to dump whatever funds i can into voo, outside of building up my emergency fund further. my voo-only portfolio has grown 20k+. i do intend to diversify down the line, after doing more research on what i would be comfortable in investing. now, with voo at another all-time high, i see posts asking whether if it’s a bad time to lump sum into voo. here’s my experience, and do what you think you can tolerate. accept that you may indeed lose a small amount of gain when it does inevitably drop, but it would not matter that much long term. tl;dr i (26 m) did a lump sum of 100k into voo at 515. i do not regret missing the possibility of going in at 496 or 465. 1 year in, i have a gain of 20k+. in conclusion, it’s worth it to lump sum into voo and not nitpick for a lower share price to go in. time in the market beats timing the market.
smh...voo and chillllll....... planted theae money trees back during the dark days of april 2025 🤑
recently started dca into voo, and people keep warning ai crash is coming soon. so its been one month since i started investing (beginner). i dont know if i have to wait for the crash to invest or keep dcaing as always despite lows?
is this the golden age of investing? with the market sitting at all-time highs, i was clicking around inside my brokerage account and realized that it's now been nearly 10 years since i first started investing. this got me thinking about just how much investing has changed over that time. since i first started, i have seen: · commissions on trades reduced to zero (schwab used to be $8.95) · expense ratios on mutual funds reduced by at least half (some were over 2% when i started) · etfs get launched for virtually every theme or asset class you can think of · expense ratios on plain vanilla etfs get cut to near zero · both active and quantitative investing move into the etf world (avantis is especially notable imo) given all of the above, i can’t help but feel we’ve entered a golden age of investing. it has literally never been cheaper or easier to invest and the returns for a diversified portfolio should be noticeably higher. but what do you all think? are there things that are still holding you back? are there any innovations that i missed on my list?
how am i doing after one year of investing? contributed $33,300 so far and i’m up alittle. only doing voo
goldman forecasts just a 3% s&p 500 annual return the next 10 years, down from 13% the last decade
i’m 17 and this is my roth ira so far
my investments at 19. should i add anything?
29 years old. this is my etf weekly investments. plan on doing this longterm.
vxus is the biggest waste of time and money!! change my mind! seriously with a whooping 4.3% return since 2011, why all these fanboy and girls? i’m sure there’s something really obvious that i am missing, but i just don’t understand all of that. i’m relatively new to etfs and investing
2021 etf performance
voo is a terrible investment according to my family members my family claims that voo will eventually drop by at least 60%, because of the increasing national debt, de-dollarization, the stagnant growth of large us based firms, the inevitable war between china and us over taiwan, and something about interest rate rapidly increasing in 2026 because of the bond market or something i should also note that we're hongkongers, in other words, chinese. i wasn't stupid for buying 309 voo shares with my inheritance last week if i intend to hold onto them until retirement presumably in decades, right? but then again, i should've bought now instead of then, but oh well, the market works in wonderous ways. i'm sure i won't regret it in 10 years time. unless......
smh time to buy?
finally hit 100 shares of voo, now what. after a year and a half of investing i finally reached my goal of 100 shares of voo yesterday but now i’m wondering if i should keep following the voo and chill path or add another etf. i’d currently 21 years old and partly couldn’t care for international. i know i may get some criticism for that it’s just never really fancied me. i just was wondering what else could i get to go with voo that will work well for a long term investment, looking at 20+ years.
thoughts on my portfolio? hello i’m 24 years old, this is my portfolio i’m from the middle east and i come from a family not very financially educated. can you guys tell me if this is good portfolio if i want to invest $2000 monthly in these for a 15-25 years? and do you guys suggest any edits? thank you!
i only had 3k invested total in my 401k this day 3 years ago. the power of consistent investing.
enjoy the voo discount i’m completely serious. i hope it drops further today because i just got paid. always be buying, especially when it’s on sale!!!!
breaking news china retaliated against the us after new tariffs imposed by donald trump, announcing it would raise the tariff on us goods to 84%, escalating the trade conflict between the world’s two largest economies.
before you ask something on this sub, here is your answer. voo. that’s it. that’s the answer to any question anyone might have on this sub. at least that’s what everyone says to anyone asking about literally anything here.
would you buy all 7 and what weight percentage per position?
i hate my first month
at 45, just starting brokerage. need help. thoughts?
young cathie wood pictures are currently not priced into ark. bullish signal
voo and chill should i add other things to my portfolio or is this fine? was thinking of vxus
those with $2,000,000+ portfolios how do you deal with watching account drop 100k, 200k do you check everyday?
it’s over
long term diversified plan i'm starting investing around 10% of my monthly salary. the strategy is to hold long term and have a diversified portfolio. i wont sell unless i really have to. give me your thoughts about the general allocation and etf choices for each asset.
it does work! a little background, i am 30 years old and opened this account august 1st, 2018 and have been dollar cost averaging every month since then of the maximum contribution for that year. this is a roth ira account through vanguard, so this year the maximum you can contribute is $7,000. the fund i am in is a mutual fund, vtsax, which the etf equivalent is vti. at the end of the day it’s not always, “how much” you are putting in but on a consistent basis over the next 20, 30 years. **the 14.30% is annualized so each year i have been getting those returns*** any questions, i’ll be glad to answer :)
just maxed out my roth ira. 100% qqq .... and i feel great about it! my wife’s will be fully funded by the end of the week. qqq there too
i made an epaper etfs display recently, i finished creating an eink assets frame (etfs, stocks, crypto, forex). the idea was that it doesn't look like an electronic device, and it quietly delivers useful information about up to 3 different assets without needing my constant attention. also, i wanted to make it run on battery as long as possible without charging. it can track up to 3 assets, wallet value, has many different templates (i'm working on more), supports many languages, and can also display weather for any location. what do you guys think about such a frame?
starting at 28yr is my portfolio ok or im missing out? im 28yr i like to have aggressive growth portfolio its fine to take risk for around 7-10years then i will rearrange my position, but is there any better option than this portfolio? i can invest 1316$ monthly in weekly dca pattern
anyone else feel like they don’t want to buy stocks / etfs when the market is up now? let me preface this post by saying, i just started investing at 37 years old and lumped summed 30k into the market during november 2024. i was adding aggressively (about 4-6k per month) and unfortunately, put 7k into the market about 2 weeks before liberation day. i haven’t really had a chunk of money to invest since, and although i didn’t sell anything, i missed a lot of the deals in the stock market. i was actually sad to see the market go back up (kind of weird i guess) because i wanted to take advantage of the better prices when i had more money to invest. now with the way things are, i just don’t want to invest anymore at these prices. we just had nvda at $84 a share and it just closed today at $129, in less than a month. buying stock now feels like highway robbery. does anyone else feel this way? i guess i could just stick to my plan of set and forget, but it doesn’t feel good buying stocks at these prices after what we just had.
can we stay above $500 level for a while s&p 500!
voo/spy/ivv split etf portfolio. i have literally just parked the money there and done absolutely nothing for 1 year and it's up 37%. not bragging so much as regretting not doing it sooner.
some data for you guys, don’t panic; keep buying.
🧐 does anyone primarily run a 3 etf portfolio? is the 3 etf portfolio of having growth, dividend, and a broader market etf still worth the hype nowadays? or is it better to just have vt or just ditch the dividend etf all together?
upped my $voo auto-invest to $200/day i recently increased my automatic investment in $voo (s&p 500) from $100 to $200, and i have it set to run daily. since my income has gone up, i want to make sure i’m putting more of it to work. i know a lot of people prefer weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, or even lump-sum investing. personally, i just like a daily schedule.
why bother for anyone interested in asking what to invest in on this reddit. let me save you some time and effort. 99% of the drones on here will just regurgitate one word. voo because that's what the last 9,000 responses have been and most haven't actually researched anything. yes voo can be good but jesus people
just wanted to post that since people here tend to scream s&p 500 as soon as sb. asks where to invest i feel like a lot people should consider to move away from s&p 500 and nasdaq and to diversify their portfolio with msci world and some em. you shouldn’t rely on usa only.
cramer dropped an f-bomb
good morning let’s get this
why is voo the default recommendation? i've always preferred spym (formerly splg) for the lower cost and expense ratio. even a 0.000001% boost in compound growth is good for me!
it’s a good buying day!
dead cat bounce if trump puts china tariffs up to 104% expect a global stock market melt down tomorrow.
19y/o little over 13k invested, what can i do better.
does the s&p 500 really only average 3.6% after taxes and inflation? assuming an average return of 8%, with a basic hypothetical $10,000 invested, after 1 year into a taxable brokerage, that money would grow to $10,800. you would have $800 in long term capital gains and at the highest bracket - taxed at 20%. if you have state taxes (let's assume a 5% state tax for this example), you would owe $200 in taxes out of the $800, or 25%. that means the real return is only 6%. with inflation at 2.4% currently, that 6% return turns into 3.6% respectively. does this mean that anyone who has higher than a 3.6% mortgage rate should technically pay off their mortgage over investing? i had no idea the real rate of return in the stock market was so low...
nasdaq down 3% powell says "we may find ourselves in the challenging scenario in which our dual-mandate goals are in tension,"
i reached my $1m savings! how can i get the highest income from that??? help hello everyone! i’m excited to share that i’ve finally reached my goal of $1 million in savings! i’m looking for ways to generate the highest income from that amount. currently, a high-yield savings account is paying me only 3.7% apy, and i want to avoid taking on too much risk since it was a challenge to save this money. i’m seeking options for better returns. thank you for your help!
is s&p 500 alone enough? i’m 27 and started investing in s&p 500 last year. i like the chill, long-term approach, but i’m not sure if just sticking with the s&p 500 is the best way to go. i’m thinking about diversifying a bit, maybe adding another etf to my portfolio. any suggestions for good etfs to complement the s&p 500?
why this is a great time to buy. buying into a crash in the market has made fortunes every single time. it doesn’t matter if the crash is 3 months or 3 years, 100% of the time you would have made a fortune. buying when the vix is high is also a proven strategy. if you had bought the s&p 500 index when the vix ended the week above 45, you would have ended the year positive and up over 100% on a 5 year period over 90% of the time. we are seeing the vix now hit very rare levels that are seen less than 1% of the time. we have a catalyst (tariffs) causing markets to drop and valuations to come back to earth. we know that scott bessent has been very transparent when he’s said that they want to bring the 10 year yield down. they have been telling us this since inauguration. it’s no secret that trump wants the fed to cut rates more than anything, and one of the most effective ways to do that is to bring the 10 year yield down by tanking the market. they have to bring rates down and do it fast, which is why i think that the tariffs were so drastic and aggressive. they want interest rates down and they want them down now. the goal of this administration is to have a boom in the 2nd half of 2025 and 2026-beyond. bessent even says that this becomes trumps economy in 6 months. if he fails to do so, i think the republicans will lose government positions, tariffs will get over turned and that will instead boost market. we saw an 8% spike in the s&p 500 after fake news about postponing tariffs came out. we’re already starting to see republicans turn on him, so he doesn’t have that much time. we’re leading into a great setup. what a great time to be in the market! a bottom will get hit ,that no one will call during a sea of negativity and we will sky rocket quicker than anyone will even realize. if you aren’t already in you will miss it. that’s why i’m buying all the way down and all the way up. those that got in cheap will be rewarded greatly. i don’t know about everyone else, but i’m loading up. the time is now.
master cheat sheet - ai generated any corrections or missing etfs or categories ?
the duality of man for ever buyer, there is a seller.
bought the dip yesterday. keep on track as bogle would of said
u.s. just bombed iran. market implications/predictions? i'll start with the obvious. 1..oil and gas will shoot up sky high. look for 50 cent to $1 increase at gas stations on monday. 2. gold will go up like crazy 3. core inflation metrics will shoot up as a result because of higher oil. rate cuts this year are off the table. 4. all indices will panic drop on monday, but nothing crazy like back when the tariffs were announced. because of war with iran, and also no rate cuts. 5. vix will go up what i can't predict are cryptos and bonds, cuz i'm not smart enough. thoughts? co trarian opinions?
i'm done with individual stocks. give me 5 etfs somewhat amateur investor here just looking to stash away about $2000 a month for the next 10 years in an effort to pay off our rental properties early. not necessarily looking for 30 years down the road. trying to time the market with individual stocks the last 6 months has been impossible and i'm bailing. looks like voo is essential to any portfolio. what other four etfs would you consistently buy every month?
3 most invested dividend etfs
what are your top 5 etfs for the next 15 years? why? the less words the better.
what is an etf?
18 and hit 10k in roth. everything look good so far?
how am i doing? 35m
made the first contribution to my roth ira this week thanks to this sub!
why is the s&p 500 recommend over the nasdaq 100 even though the nasdaq performs better? just wondering why everyone in this subreddit recommends to invest in s&p 500 etfs when the nasdaq has consistently outperformed it. doing some research, over the last 16 years since 2007, the nasdaq has provided a 13% rate of return vs 9% from the s&p500. the nasdaq is up 315% during that time period, vs the s&p being up 156%. the annualized volatility is also almost the same with the nasdaq being at 22% vs the s&p at 20%. going back even more, the nasdaq has consistently outperformed the s&p 500 for the last 40 years, yet everyone recommends buying voo or some other s&p 500 etf over qqq or qqqm. i don’t understand the logic here. can someone explain what i’m missing?
got me a 2 shares of vti letsgoww!!
slow and steady really does work! 22m started exactly one year ago ! july 3 2023! although my total % gains is less than s&p 500 because i dca’d every two months thats why my average is abit high
21 year old starting investing hi everyone, this is my first portfolio, 70% vti and 30% vxus can there be any improvements such as increase my vti split and make it 80/20? or overall is it good long term, thanks.
10 top etfs which of these are in your portfolio?
starting late (32) trying to start aggressively saving. is this a good plan? i don’t have access to a 401k and don’t currently have any iras. i would like to be able to access my money when needed. is this a good plan for investing but also to remain in control of my money? using robinhood app (gold) i keep my uninvested money in the account at 5%
fomc eve for my regards since some enjoyed cpi eve here s part two but more bullish in the halls of the fed so grand jerome powell rates in hand twas the eve of decisions a monetary quest a wizard of finance putting fears to rest the rates were stirring in the fiscal air powell s words echoing with utmost care tapering and qe a delicate affair balancing the economy with a calculated glare the bulls on wall street awaiting his decree hoping for guidance for prosperity powell and the fomc in a policy caper navigating the markets this monetary paper on financial stages a critical show analysts listening as markets glow to bloomberg he spoke like a central bank flash market indicators ablaze anticipating a dash inflation transitory a phrase so thin markets reacting where to begin but alas hawkish whispers or dovish sign powell s moves leaving markets in a bind taper tantrums and interest rate hikes a monetary dance with market spikes dow and sp watching in this fiscal ballet powell s guidance leading the way oh powell of the federal reserve in this economic play markets listening as bulls celebrate the day whil in the halls of the fed so grand jerome powell rates in hand twas the eve of decisions a monetary quest a wizard of finance putting fears to rest no rates were stirring in the fiscal air powell s words echoing with utmost care tapering and qe a delicate affair balancing the economy with a calculated glare the bulls on wall street awaiting his decree hoping for guidance for prosperity powell and the fomc in a policy caper navigating the markets this monetary paper on financial stages a critical show analysts listening as markets glow to bloomberg he spoke like a central bank flash market indicators ablaze anticipating a dash inflation transitory a phrase so thin markets reacting where to begin but alas hawkish whispers or dovish sign powell s moves leaving markets in a bind taper tantrums and interest rate hikes a monetary dance with market spikes dow and sp watching in this fiscal ballet powell s guidance leading the way oh powell of the federal reserve in this economic play markets listening as bulls celebrate the day
i think i came up with a free money strategy 1 open account in offshore equity trading so you can leverage 4x 2 yolo qyld and ryld and bonds 3 buy a house with mortgage 4 pay off your house with the dividents from your insanely leveraged accounts 5 rent the house 6 literally at the end of 15 years you get a free house and a couple million dollars in money free money literally cannot fail since it s free money for the rest of your life literally cannot go tits up please tell me if i m retarded
the fall of cannabiz i m not sure when to get in but i think cannabis stocks are going to plummet with a gop win in the house tomorrow and that is almost a certainty dems squandered their majority so who knows when federal legalization will be viable again two years six years ten years those timelines aren t unrealistic and unless republicans come up with some legislation that allows use of bank cards for purchase of marijuana in legalized states it will be difficult for the cannabiz to fully blossom
re payments sub industry the payments sub industry got crushed last year the largest etf ipay finished 319 a bit of a bounceback ytd but still room to run according to consensus 12mo pts for related stocks the following chart shows roe on the y axis for 30 sub industry stocks and projected price appreciation divided by closing prices today 27 on the x axis expressed as a as full disclosure i work in the financial sector but do not collect any compensation directly indirectly or otherwise from any entity associated with the co s i just pull data on stuff that i find interesting for my personal account mostly on company time
what s up with the vix sorry if there is another post on this i scrolled for a second and didn t see one why is the vix up 20 percent while the market itself is down or up around a percent or less depending upon the index is this expected behavior or just off the wall friday the 13th action nasdaq didn t over a percent but same question just curious if this is normal
panw 219 target price great upwards potential provision of network security solutions to enterprises service providers and government entities it operates through the following geographical segments the united states israel and other countries panw is a wellestablished company in the cybersecurity industry with a strong financial track record and a reputation for innovation however competition in the industry is intense and the constantly evolving threat landscape means that the company will need to stay on top of emerging trends and technologies to maintain its position as a leader in the field the added threat of cyberattacks puts panw in a unique advantageous position it can shield and protect any malware or illintentional attacks from a financial perspective panw has had a history of strong revenue growth and has consistently beaten earnings estimates in the most recent quarterly report panw reported revenue of $12 billion up 24 yearoveryear and earnings per share eps of $160 which beat analyst estimates by $022 the company also increased its guidance for the fiscal year 2022 which is a positive sign for investors 2023 will bring this to the forefront
$cart about to moon here s why okay buckle up been following this all week and every catalyst you could want is now in place first off average volume of 2m shares today new record volume for the week of 25m shares the most contested option for the week was the $25 put at 4k contracts traded currently down 75 expiring tomorrow $26 was established as firm support quite a few short attacks including one mega dump intraday to $2450 that was quickly absorbed most likely to dump those $25p weeklies the sheer volume from the sell side today was absorbed in fantastic fashion by the buyers today earnings was an absolute surprise analysts are calling $4144 a share fair value based on tuesday s report in the above screenshot it is obvious no one is selling at this point and spot trades are happening off exchange as we speak short shares available to borrow on fintel were fully borrowed until today as shares started reappearing indicating short sellers have been covering since the price refused to break below $25 all week from these catalysts i project that by next week we should be firmly above $30 this is not financial advice please confirm all i am saying and correct any mistakes in the comments please review my post history and account if you need to see what my accuracy for calling picks is like thank you glhf and don t trade what you can t afford to lose
hold that mother fucker to the moon bbby $ hello retards it is happening don t know how don t wanna know how but as soon my money don t giggle i like to see it wiggle wiggle to the moon is hope and i just wanna fucking say those mothfcking saying that leave asap i just want to tell them it s just 23 today
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of november 12 2022 watch wallstreetbets discuss markets on twitch and youtube follow twitter join discord play ban bets check out our earnings thread and rules dm the mod inboxsex line
nvdfuckina been a rough a couple of days wasn t sure about holding these bought more a couple times as it dipped i did a lot of dd on this one here it is ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai wen 42069
invader $zim anybody zim integrated shipping services is the volatile yolo play we ve all been waiting for publicly held israeli shipping company with hq in haifa israel listed in 2021 ath of $8450 in march of 2022 currently trading at $1290 this stock is cheap volatile and directly influenced by the fubar that is the situation in the red sea more and more shipping companies are being attackeddisrupted by houthi militias maersk msc and hapaglloyd some of the largest shipping companies have halted activities in the red sea indefinitely but zim doesn t care and why don t they care because 1 they re badass and they don t care and even juicier 2 they are rumored to have struck under the table safe passage agreements with the houthis i don t care if they re in bed with the houthis all i know is people want goods and someone has to ship them now $zim stock is slipping a little in response to these rumors but it s just a minor setback volume is continuing to rip and consumers don t care how goods are delivered as long as it shows up at their door to make matters even better malaysia very recently banned all israeli owned vessels from entering malaysian ports in response to gaza situation will be interesting to see if other countries follow suit i doubt it few countries want to take a hardline stance but even so this just puts $zim in the spotlight and means that s it a good time to buy cheap zim s volume has been ripping in the last week tendies why you ask because israeli s are smart they like tendies i like tendies i don t care who s sleeping with who i want tendies i 100 believe if zim continues to operate unphased they will continue to see major volume and the stock as cheap as it is right now will only continue to rip as the red sea situation continues to improve 3yr chart $zim is cheap highly volatile and has tremendous room for growth i m full bull on and i hope all you maniacs join me on my quest for diamond hands i m predicting $50 minimum by eoy and boy do we have a long year ahead oh and obligatory if it hits closes above $50 by eoy i ll get $zim tattoo d on my asscheek i ll continue to post and update on the stock as time permits love you all
this could be unpopular here but has the extinction of trade fees led to the least efficient market ever i keep seeing stuff everywhere from people who think they re smart and well regarded about how nothing makes sense credit card debt balances hits all time high after the highest credit card balance decrease ever in covid and simultaneously the market is at an all time high and employment an all time low i thought of this when i saw a fee on my uber eats and made me think about how i can buy so many securities all over the world for no fee but i have to pay a fee on so many other things there is no barrier to entry and there s lots of people who think they can get rich quick including myself
us japan and netherland reached deal not to export chip to china what will be impact on tesla xpev li nio byd other car companies what will be impact on ev companies x200b the united states has secured a deal with the netherlands and japan to restrict exports of some advanced chipmaking machinery to china in talks that concluded on friday bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter
how institutions take advantage of clueless retail featuring bbai in the last couple weeks there have been a lot of posts about squeeze s for the most part all of these have been pd s that have been promoted by people who have jumped into them to try to make some quick money one of them however is particularly stupid people have been promoting bbai saying that it has a low float and the cost to borrow is about 800 as a result the stock has gone up about 100 in a month and some people think it s going to moon there is one serious flaw with the bbai thesis if you actually read the 10k and s1 forms you notice that the company has $200 million of convertible debt this debt can be converted to shares at a price of $1150 taking into account the value of the imbedded warrants in the debt it makes sense for institutions to convert the debt into shares at about $13 a share if all the debt is converted at $13 a share institutions will make about $26 million in profit so retail being stupid has pushed the price up to $1250 a share not understanding that there is a $226 million sell wall at about $13 retail has created a trade in which buying a share of bbai gives almost no upside while carrying tons of downside retail then proceeds to promote this trade if any major volume comes in at $13 a share or higher institutions will dump bbai shares on retail and retail will be stuck holding the bag in order for the price to go above $13 a share retail would need to buy $226 million in shares and continue buying that is not going to happen positions shorting bbai is expensive so i instead sold 100 1216 $5 calls this stock can t go up above about $13 a share at least not with any serious volume the company recently reported terrible earnings so positive catalysts that would drive the price above $13 a share are unlikely before this stock was meme d it traded at $5 a share also 100m insider shares get unlocked on december 7th or if the price closes above $1250 for 20 out of 30 trading days edit it has been pointed out in the comments that the s1 that was filed for the convertible debt is not effective yet hence the debt cannot be converted it was filed 2 weeks ago so it should become effective any day now so trade bbai at your own risk i will maintain my position as it is i think the riskreward is still heavily in my favor
11223 volume and float moving plays interesting tickers on the move trading thesis tracking the float along with daily volume along with company financials helps to narrow down moving tickers fundamental and technical analysis is often used to find growth tickers and information about them fundamental analysis looks to see whether an investment is overvalued or undervalued based on underlying economic conditions as well as the finances of the company or other organization that issued a stock or bond technical analysis instead looks at patterns in the price of an investment to predict future movements in that investment s price uptrending tickers wmt 12723 147c 145 dal 12723 39c 106 halo 12023 50c 120 xhb 12023 66c 109 tru 21723 70c 145 urbn 12023 29c 65 sqm 12023 85c 175 kbh 12023 36c 135 gt 12023 12c 15 things to consider when finding the plays if the stock volume has traded 1 million or more in volume premarket i will use that and calculate a rough estimate on what the stock will trade for the day if the ticker looks to be trading more volume than the day before i will consider it for a long play if trading less than the movement of the ticker i would consider a short or put play if all the other factors previously mentioned checks out the trades are researched afternoon daily to find possible tickers making a big move some of the prices may be less depending on day and time trade is executed
do i qualify to be featured in a wallstreetbetstype youtube video in case y all are wondering this was mostly from weekly tsla callsputs and minimal tqqqsqqq trades i withdrew $8500 to pay myself so my tav is $8500 short pay yourself take profit and mitigate risk friends
usdyen to break 150 on friday weird that it is not getting a lot of press
your thoughts on aston martin guys please can someone inform me what happened to aston martin i just don t get it the 20 mercedes share which is also part of geely and i assume that merc is at some point taking over astonperhaps it s not lambo anylonger its instead jason statham bond and aston
gamestop announces release date for second quarter fiscal 2022 results 7 sep 5pm et gamestop corpnyse gme gamestop or the company today announced that it will report second quarter fiscal 2022 results after the market closes onwednesday september 7 2022 the company will host an investor conference call at500 pm eton the same day to review its results this call and all supplemental information can be accessed on gamestop s investor relations website the phone number for the investor conference call is 18774076169 and the confirmation code is 13732487 a recording of the conference call will be made available on the company s investor relations website
i need some advice here i was just doing it for fun with no context or information now i m here i don t know the meaning of puts or calls or anything i think i really need a mentor to recover from this can i have your advice how can i learn do you sell when you lost this much or should i wait thanks
just watched netflix doc want to start trading what is the best appsite to do this i ve just downloaded freetrade and trading 212 but they don t seem great i can t find certain companies i want to buy stocks in and they are both pretty limited i feel maybe not if i upgrade and pay them but i don t really want to do that any recommendations what to most people use to trade
market this year behaves in line with the long term average since wwii i know many stated that the recent rally is due to the market believing fed has won the inflation but it just behaving like any other average year credit to jazz wealth management it may continue the rally a little more into early jan before pull back but hey i am not chart expert
june 1 mark your calendars yellen says us could default as soon as june 1 without a debt ceiling increase
amc and ape shares bounce after bruising session the apes can take a breather after a tough start to the week amc stock rose about 4 in premarket trading on tuesday coming on the heels of tanking 41 amid news of a bankruptcy at rival cineworld and the debut of new $ape preferred shares ape stock rallied roughly 11 in premarket trading after dropping 136 on debut day the company s new class of shares a nod to the retail investors who powered the stock during the covid19 pandemic and commonly refer to themselves as apes began trading on the nyse on monday the stock was halted 10 times during the session amc ceo adam aron noted on twitter a single ape unit was granted for each common share meaning that about 517 million shares of this new stock will be formed despite the weak debut for ape amc supporters talked up the new class of stock throughout the day on twitter and reddit message boards im not fing leaving one self described ape tweeted to yahoo finance aron told yahoo finance live video above that the company s new ape shares should allay fears that the movie chain could cripple under the weight of debt incurred during the covid19 pandemic it takes survival risk off the table in the near term aron said so we can raise cash if we need it that is good for our shareholders full article amc entertainment and its preferred units ape is now up 2 and 5 respectively in the premarket after falling 41 and 13 yesterday amc and ape trading was halted a total of 13 times yesterday due to volatility do you think amc is now poised for a big rally
elon musk took down my portfolio x200b x200b i started trading back in july 2022 hoping to make gains and improve my life about 3 months later i learned about option contracts this was when things got interesting at first i played it safe nothing over 1k my gains and losses were at about the same rate tired of the lack of progress i searched the internet for the best companies to invest in this lead me to companies with the highest volumes one company in particular caught my eyes as it did with many others tsla x200b tesla stock has been on a decline since the beginning of the year it s value dropped by almost 50 at the time my bullish instinct told me to buy unaware that elon musk would be selling over $3 billion worth of stocks that same week x200b i bought calls for strike price of $180 with expiration of dec 16 this was the beginning of the most painful week in my trading experience so far at the end of monday the stock price had dropped by over $10 still bullish i bought more calls at strike price of $170 instead of cutting my losses all while elon musk was selling off billions on tuesday i was still hopeful that the price would recover but the fall continued wednesday night was when the news came out about elon s sell off all hopes was lost x200b looking back at my decisions i realize the signs were there but i refused to listen the loss that i sustained wasn t major compared to many other people but it was over 90 of my account i m not angry with elon musk it just hurts knowing that the owner of the company i was rooting for contributed to the down fall of my portfolio x200b if anyone wants to share some gains with me or donate to help me get back in the game please send me a message anything would be greatly appreciated
powell will powell the economy bond etfs for part 1 my ass is sore from jerome powell interest rates are sky high i can t afford shit jerome powell has been fucking my wife and her boyfriend because i can t provide for their needs he has also been powelling my wallet and the economy with his large swinging dick of interest rate policy to ward off inflation to be fair its not working because my dick gets inflated every time i see this sexy ass man i don t think this is sustainable and a recession is looming for example other regards seem to think the economy isn t too hot as seen in the michigan consumer sentiment index part 2 what the fuck is a tlt in an attempt to get unbroke i got my hands on a bloomberg terminal called robinhoodcom and i found this stock called tlt this tracks long term bond prices and bond prices are inversely correlated with bond yields that is to say if one goes up the other goes tits up it is also important to note that there are other etfs that track shorter maturity bonds like $shy for example but they would be less sensitive to changes in interest rates in the interest of antirisk tolerance i opted for an etf that tracks longer maturity bonds as it would be more sensitive to changes one can reasonably do call options also instead of long stock but i think that in vegas when you lose a shit ton of money at least you get comped a nice room instead of having to hear jerome powell take your wife to pound town in the next room over of your one story house part 3 why i think bond yields are going down as a regard apart from consumer sentiment there is this thing called the yield curve which is currently inverted that is the position my wife enjoys the most with jerome powell every time the yield curve has inverted in the past 50 years a recession has followed this is all the proof i need if a recession was to occur interest rates would have to come down which means bond yields would have to come down and thus bond prices would go up also the federal reserve would have to buy bonds further increasing bond prices conclusion i m on my shit in conclusion am i yes will this work depends on if jerome powell accepts venmo from regards can this go tits up absolutely not disclaimer not financial advice x200b yield curve inversion 102 spread consumer sentiment index sources
i ve been here for damn near 10 years and just traded my first option it feels good man fuck hodling i m here to lose money at an alarming rate and options are going to be a key part of that endeavor
stock market today as of jan6th 2023 on jan 5 the three major indexes all closed lower at the close the dow was down 102 the nasdaq was down 147 and the sp 500 was down 116 the 10year us treasury yield rose 1628 to 372 compared with a yield spread of 74 bps over the twoyear note while vix was up 204 brent crude closed up 104 spot gold closed down 121 at $1 8327 an ounce the dollar index was up 084 closing at 10514 the us trade account recorded $615 billion in november the smallest deficit since september 2020 the us recorded 204 000 initial jobless claims for the week to december 31 the lowest level since the week of september 24 2022 newly released adp data showed that us companies added more jobs than market expectations in december driven by small and mediumsized enterprises highlighting the resilience of labor demand that supports wage growth trending stocks bilibilibili x200b bili was up 311 and the bull flag we called out in morning brief on 20221215 is working out for traders who longed the bull flag should book some profit in the next few trading days to kill some risks right now bili is extended on the upside so certain level of correction is expected plus the rsi indicator is above 70 which means currently bili could be sightly overbought whoever longed since the first time we called out in november last year make sure to keep a small portion of your initial position and let the profit run amazon amzn x200b amazon dropped 237 after announcing it would cut 18 000 jobs about 5 of the total the largest in a wave of layoffs at a major technology company a report from commercial real estate services company cushman wakefield showed that warehouse leasing slowed in the fourth quarter indicating that online shopper activity is slowing pinduoduo pdd x200b china ecommerce pinduoduo roses 48 after credit suisse raised its target price to $125 credit suisse pointed out that there are multiple positive factors for china s internet industry this year the bank pointed out that the industry valuation is not high and some companies are even trading below their cash value which may mean that the valuation of core brands is very low secondly the improvement of operations brings upside and the upside of profit margin brought by the improvement of product mix and operating leverage will continue into this year in addition the macro recovery and supportive regulation also provide confidence to the market when investors holdings are relatively thin opportunities for people who are looking for opportunities in reversal patterns feel free to check out these shortterm reversal stocks and if you are interested in penny stocks here are the most active penny stocks the us public company accounting oversight board pcaob released a report confirming that the inspection and investigation of accounting firms in the chinese mainland and hong kong will be completed in 2022 and the accreditation of relevant firms in 2021 will be revoked the market generally believes that this marks a positive outcome of chinaus audit supervision cooperation and sends a positive signal for chinese companies to list in the us it is time to look at chinese internet stocks that are listed on us market china tech and internet stocks view more at
how to play broadcom avgo broadcom avgo reports earnings later today and they are expected to do well with analysts pointing to orders from google for their ai chips and the recent large order from apple and potentially from meta with some large chip buying soon avgo has benefited in the last week along with the other semis thanks to nvda last week and then mrvl after them options for avgo are insanely overpriced so rather than play avgo itself it might be better to play other semis and etfs that are highly correlated with it 6mo r2 amd 82 nvda 84 mrvl 35 tsm 47 soxl 68 qqq 71 2mo r2 amd 82 nvda 89 mrvl 94 tsm 60 soxl 74 qqq 68 1mo r2 amd 86 nvda 94 mrvl 96 tsm 90 soxl 97 qqq 91 i also looked at intc qcom and mu but their correlations with avgo are crap mrvl is only 16 of avgo s market cap $330b and yet it helped propel some of those other semis much higher last friday so the potential for avgo earnings to make them move higher tomorrow is certainly there all of this hinges on avgo making a big move after earnings tonight and without that these stocks may barely move on their own positions strangles across amd nvda tsm mrvl soxl 31 calls to puts
how you guys like my porn if you look at the open interest for options expiring tomorrow which is extremely important given the fact that it is tomorrow nvda is poised to drop to $395 and close at $400 this is what the option chain is suggesting from where i see it
cramer s law the necessary move of a newly purchased asset in the direction opposite of profit i feel there is some tie between the phenomenon of me buying an asset and then it proceeding to plummet or moon for a short the moment i purchase the asset and antioracle jim cramer s seemingly superhuman ability to be so wrong i don t know what the connection is but i do like the name cramer s law and the verb cramered for example dudes $bbby puts got cramered this week i worried we haven t heard from him in a while somebody should check on him i m trial ballooning this term out there and if everyone here likes it i ll starting using it in my next fomc meeting thanks ujeromep
15k spy puts 9dte think there may still be some room to run up tomorrow morning which is where i would slowly scale in more 1015 contracts per 3 twitter heads turning bullish calling for 4300 think we see a spike in vix and a solid 152 drop on spy within the week leaning towards it happening thursday position 50x spy 417 0602 puts
if you knew the future what would your moves be if you knew a huge economically disruptive event was on the horizon something like biden passing away would this send the markets into a tailspin or would it really not cause much of a disruption
please explain a newb why his options are down about a week ago i bought 100 nov 24 5250 put on csco announced earnings today currently trading at 4750 after hours this means i have the right to sell 10 000 shares at 5250 which is a $50 000 profit considering the current bid price why is my option showing i m losing money thx in advance x200b
i made a very accurate price prediction lol 3 catgirl coin changed my life lol shoutout big papa elon he blessed me
my picks for 20220920 x200b bath body works inc bbwi buy long consumer cyclical specialty retail in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $3916 5 4 55 prob price $3955 49 51 49 prob price $3993 11 14 44 prob price $4032 19 31 38 prob price $4071 33 67 33 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 12 units to trade 15 company stats revenue growth 50 earnings growth 0611 52 week change 398 change from 52 week high 527 change from 52 week low 506 change from 200 day average 182 change from 50 day average 76 10 day average daily volume 3647540 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 161 docusign inc docu buy long technology softwareapplication in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $5704 51 49 51 prob price $5761 47 53 47 prob price $5817 21 29 42 prob price $5874 19 31 38 prob price $593 17 33 34 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 5 units to trade 4 company stats revenue growth 216 52 week change 792 change from 52 week high 804 change from 52 week low 61 change from 200 day average 402 change from 50 day average 118 10 day average daily volume 9320650 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 507 microchip technology incorporat mchp buy long technology semiconductors in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $6756 19 14 57 prob price $6823 13 12 52 prob price $689 9 11 45 prob price $6957 39 61 39 prob price $7023 33 67 33 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 19 units to trade 14 company stats revenue growth 251 earnings growth 1 52 week change 149 change from 52 week high 257 change from 52 week low 231 change from 200 day average 59 change from 50 day average 02 10 day average daily volume 4722850 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 162 teva pharmaceutical industries teva buy long healthcare drug manufacturersspecialty generic in israel odds within the next 7 market days price $876 56 43 56 prob price $884 53 47 53 prob price $893 12 13 48 prob price $902 11 14 44 prob price $91 2 3 40 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 14 units to trade 80 company stats revenue growth 32 52 week change change from 52 week high 235 change from 52 week low 279 change from 200 day average 05 change from 50 day average 49 10 day average daily volume 9132810 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 177 asana inc asan sell short technology softwareapplication in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $2511 63 37 63 prob price $2485 3 2 60 prob price $246 56 43 56 prob price $2435 53 47 53 prob price $2409 1 1 50 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 12 units to trade 23 company stats revenue growth 574 52 week change change from 52 week high 826 change from 52 week low 566 change from 200 day average 325 change from 50 day average 178 10 day average daily volume 8722430 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 543 uipath inc path sell short technology softwareinfrastructure in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $139 63 37 63 prob price $1376 59 41 59 prob price $1362 56 43 56 prob price $1348 13 12 52 prob price $1334 12 13 48 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 14 units to trade 49 company stats revenue growth 316 52 week change change from 52 week high 764 change from 52 week low 150 change from 200 day average 457 change from 50 day average 223 10 day average daily volume 13830020 asset liquidity risk very low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 535 sentinelone inc s sell short technology softwareinfrastructure in united states odds within the next 7 market days price $2721 63 37 63 prob price $2693 3 2 60 prob price $2666 56 43 56 prob price $2638 13 12 52 prob price $2611 49 51 49 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 14 units to trade 25 company stats revenue growth 1093 52 week change change from 52 week high 650 change from 52 week low 474 change from 200 day average 187 change from 50 day average 41 10 day average daily volume 2760970 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 395 full truck alliance co ltd ymm sell short technology softwareapplication in china odds within the next 7 market days price $673 61 39 61 prob price $666 19 14 57 prob price $66 5 4 55 prob price $653 51 49 51 prob price $646 12 13 48 prob capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of today s basket assuming a 5 stop loss and $5000 basket size percent of basket 9 units to trade 66 company stats revenue growth 537 52 week change change from 52 week high 613 change from 52 week low 650 change from 200 day average 131 change from 50 day average 123 10 day average daily volume 2888600 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 314
buy gme calls for 180 seriously charts to show it i don t have enough karma to put in the other reddit group but i ve been around since jan 2021 since then i have gotten very interested in stocks i learned how to chart and this is what i am seeing now see the image attached to the post x200b the last time we hit 80 support we rocketed for a week straight at the end of march if you retarded apes can remember that hype period since then it has been nothing but bad news in the market now some people here on our reddit groups keep talking about how calls hurt citadel news flash calls are done because you believe the price is going to go up in the future before resulting in a sometimes dramatic increase in your contract price x200b if you look at the chart which i hope some of you can read it shows we are due for a rally to 128 at the minimum we could go up and test 189 high back in our march run up either way next week is going to be very fucking interesting apes x200b buckle the fuck up long live gme and visit
currently down $19k on cgc should i buy more x200b
351 gains on dell calls so after hearing nvidia mention dell briefly in their earnings and watching 1 meet kevin video i did what any resonable person would do and put my entire account on dell calls somehow it worked out and i made some pretty nice gains
best to pull out earlier than later oc first of all i d like to announce that y all need some fucking counseling and second learn when to fucking pull out think of it like this its friday night your weeks going great you go to the club grab a drink and start scanning the room for a cute girl to talk to spotted you approach her everythings going well fast forward yall smashing wout a condom now here s the dilemma climax is coming and you re debating on whether to pull out the weeks been good but if you dont pull out and she gets pregnent your weeks ruined right you got a baby now with a girl you don t even know take this post as a lesson to pull out and take the reward for what it is hypothetical apparently none of us get pussy my apologies bad analogy read this first
infinite money glitch 4th anniversary happy 4th anniversary to the infinite money glitch hope that personal risk tolerance is keeping ucontrolthenarrative out of trouble where ever he may be video isn t available anymore but guh
the heist of the dollar after studying for a few years on the fed central banks and the founding fathers of the united states i ve slowly connected and traced back the origin of the fed and the start of the heist on the us dollar it s started in full force somewhere around 1910 but let s keep going further we can trace that farther back to 1832 when president andrew jackson vetoed the second central bank of the us seems like he tried to put up a fight but outside consultants already had infiltrated andrew jackson said this in 1832 every monopoly and all exclusive privileges are granted at the expense of the public which ought to receive a fair equivalent the many millions which this act proposes to bestow on the stockholders of the existing bank must come directly or indirectly out of the earnings of the american people this means the bank act would put the debt of the wealthy on the backs of the public edit omfg i think we lost to the chinese look at this trench i just found the carlyle group ceo kewsong lee forgot to add he won this position over an american businessman who was once a virginia governoryea he went to choate rosemary hall a very prestigious boarding school for american political figures jerome powell was a partner with the company carlyle group and who was powell preceded by as a member of the federal reserve board of governors rick mishkins guess who gave mishkins an honorary professorship peoples university of china we have been infiltrated edit 2 shit just keeps going huh jerome powell partner of carlyle group in 1980s also worked at dillon read co which was founded in 1832 from a small brokerage firm called carpenter vermilye how did they make their billions selling war bonds during the us civil war now thats one company that spawned another company that spawned people that teach more people the ways of the dark side shits fascinating keep going edit 3 i kept going john f kennedy signs executive order 11110 this effectively stripped the feds power to release currency he believed the currency should be created by the treasury of the us and not a private federal reserve this order passed and about $4 billion was printed in $1 and $5 denominations before we know what happens next within this framework the federal reserve has established itsnetwork of swap agreements as has been widely recognized these arrangements have provided an important supplemental source of international liquidity available both to the united states and to the other participating countries the federal reserve page 3 of their letter on swap arrangements october 1963 the british are cumming the mole may have been alexander hamilton in 1791 he said himself he literally copied and pasted the bank of england as the basis for the central bank thomas jefferson opposed this idea but it was passed still jefferson feared this would create a monopoly over banks to favor certain creditors and debtors they started with $10 million the germans are also cumming john jacob astor one of 6 men to finance and invest in the second bank of the united states he is known as the first multi millionaire investor in the us born in germany made tens of millions by taking advantage of the 1794 jay treaty which allowed him to rival big trade names between great britain and the us he made tens of millions by smuggling 10 tons yes tons of ottoman produced opium in 1816 if you re lost in our story the fed was trojan horsed by foreigners who financed the central bank with drug money from ottoman empire produced opium
my experience investing how do you decide what to invest in in 2020 when the market crashed i decided to try my hand in investing i put in $500 and googled what should i invest in today and just picked a few i thought would be good i ve turned that $500 in to $1 600 all the stocks i googled what stocks should i buy today i have made money on most of my money that i made came from the avgo stock man i wish i bought more then one share of that one i got it when it was $200 it s now $1 000 all the stocks i ve decided to buy on my own because i thought it was a good idea like aal and gtbif i ve lost money right now i m thinking about selling most of my stocks and waiting for the market to crash again and buying a share of the sp 500 when i think the market has hit it s low point i m just a amateur in the stock market but i have a feeling the market to going to crash this spring thought comments or you want to share own experiences x200b
dont buy puts y all we know price action looks terrible and it even looks like we may never recover i know almost all of you are thinking of buying puts tomorrow at open but that s exactly what these hedge funds want we will get a pump in order to liquidate retail again buy more shares and hodl we have way more power than we think ryan is 1 man he is not god or our savior now that he has abandoned us we need to show just how much power the people have and not rely on the same people we are up against to save us from themselves f hedge funds f jim cramer f ryan cohen f wall street and a big fuck you to all you pussies that paperhanded and panic sold we can pump up just as fast as we dropped
there is still a bbby swing trade i was lucky enough to be down to about 30 shares what my current bag is from 1 500 once it tanked on wednesday evening i saw the writing on the wall sold between $28 and $21 i bought 20 more at $18 and a couple of calls for september just to see while many here did so much better then me on bbby i did real well hourly trading this i think there is going to be some pretty volatile swings today i think there is quick money to be made honestly if my average bag is around $10 at the end of the day i think i m good even though $amc has not gotten back to ath many of us have had really good days day trading the swings i believe $bbby will get added into that legacy where many of us here make decent money splashing around in our founding stocks good luck today apes
sava golden cross golden cross on sava today with the 50day ma crossing the 200day look for some upside and possible test of $50 in the coming days
followup to my statistical probabilities of cpi days post yesterday statistical probabilities of cpi days wallstreetbets redditcom i made this post yesterday and i pretty much said we should expect a dump at 101030a everyone called me crazy and said thats not this works at all im here to say you are welcome that is all i will have the daily ta posted later tonight x200b also i sold my es call at 11pm last night for 20 so i got a w there good luck today x200b
$3k to $30k today today was an intense trading day for me yesterday i opened 60 vfs sept 15 203050 iron butterflies with a spread of 20 robinhood filled me between 199 and 1999 which theoretically meant almost zero risk with the iv already high i thought things couldn t get worse however overnight i was assigned against 11 of my short 30 calls despite this i remained optimistic about the trade i believed my loss was negligible and was confident the iv would decrease i was under the impression that regardless of the stock price movement i wouldn t lose money but then iv shot up to a whopping 398 in the morning the iron butterflies i had sold for 1999 now required 225 to close as a result i faced a margin call and saw my account value plummet to 3k i had to liquidate most of my long calls including those in spy nflx and nvda luckily by the afternoon vfs began to dip and the iv also started to drop i managed to close all of them at around 165 the major takeaway from today never short itm calls i had never been assigned early on robinhood and mistakenly believed i had more time my account finally settled at 30k by day s end it was hands down the most nervewracking trading day i ve ever faced and i hope not to experience such tension again
after the banking crisis what s next for the $8 trillion mbs market mortgagebacked securities mortgagebacked security mbs have long been considered almost as safe a market as us debt but the recent banking turmoil is stirring up fears in this $8 trillion market x200b before the collapse of silicon valley bank agency mortgagebacked securities agency mortgagebacked security agency mbs was one of its largest investments and now that the federal deposit insurance corporation fdic has taken over silicon valley bank investors expect these bonds to be sold off in the coming months further depressing mbs prices x200b at one point the spread between agency mbs and corresponding us bonds rose 20 basis points after the run on silicon valley bank according to factset data x200b after the small bank run there are fears that more regional banks will be forced to sell their bond holdings mediumsized banks hold far more agency mbs than small banks and if they choose to sell because they are facing a run this will inevitably have a more violent impact on the mbs market x200b paul varunok a mortgage bond portfolio manager at investment house franklin templeton said the market is deep enough to absorb or even liquidate a lot of these sold securities as lower valuations attract new buyers but any further turmoil in the banking sector could trigger more violent market volatility x200b rate hikes hit mbs hard indirectly leading to the collapse of silicon valley bank agency mbs backed by mortgages from stateowned banks fannie mae and freddie mac are widely held by banks insurance companies and bond funds x200b this type of bond is much less likely to default than most debt and is highly liquid which is a key reason why it is favored by silicon valley banks x200b however agency mbs like all longterm bonds are vulnerable to rising interest rates when the federal reserve opened a storm of interest rate hikes last year their prices were significantly depressed and caused banks such as silicon valley bank to suffer flotation losses x200b for example the price of low interest agency mbs began to fall about a year ago x200b according to factset data some bonds fell 15 or more in a few months trading as low as 80 cents on the dollar x200b during the downturn fund managers who had to mark their investments to market sold a lot of lowcoupon mbs at a loss but banks largely held on classifying much of their debt as heldtomaturity bonds and marking it up above market prices x200b but this strategy backfired on silicon valley bank as massive withdrawals by customers forced it to sell securities at a loss further triggering a run on the bank that eventually forced it to declare bankruptcy x200b a repeat of the 08 crisis which midsized bank was the first to roll over as of dec 31 last year silicon valley bank held about $78 billion in institutional mbs and the small bank signature bank which was just acquired and first republic bank frcn$ whose stock market crashed had far less than that x200b but the real concern is that larger banks may roll over next x200b now bank analysts and mbs investors are investigating the assets of other midsized banks and they worry that depositors will also lose confidence in midsized banks x200b t rowe price group inc s mortgage bond portfolio experience ramon de castro said x200b we immediately went to look at their assets 2008 the script of the great financial crisis could be back among midsize us financial institutions carlson financial truist financial and us hopewell bank are the largest holders of institutional mbs according to filings with the securities and exchange commission sec of these us investment brokerage giant credit suisse has the largest share with $237 billion in agency mbs x200b these firms claim to have enough capital to cope with withdrawals as a spokesperson for credit suisse previously stated x200b given the significant liquidity resources available to us the likelihood that we will need to sell our portfolio before maturity is virtually nil but investor confidence has not improved significantly with credit suisse shares having fallen nearly 28 percent since the beginning of march and shares of two other companies also plunging x200b ankur mehta global head of securitized products research at citigroup said the current portfolio size is too large and any adjustment would hurt the price of lowyield bonds held by most banks though measures taken by us regulators would prevent a selloff x200b the federal reserve s lending tools and other initiatives will prevent banks from making any mandatory selloffs according to a previous wall street journal article midsized us banks have asked regulators to extend fdic insurance to all deposits over the next two years to avoid a crisis at small banks that could lead to a larger bank run
i want to invest in these tech stocks once things calm down block pinterest and zoom they re all highlyeffective services that have interesting network effects that call for change in how things are done block seeks to empower underbanked users with useful financial services and research into new systems like corn coin pinterest is a social media platform built around ideas and planning that is now naturally pivoting toward shopping in an era that s long seeking alternatives from facebook and amazon services and seeing shifts in shopping preferences like shein or tiktok s recommendations zoom is a large element on why hybrid work is possible at scale by building a reliable videofirst cloud infrastructure and product x200b there are other groundbreaking softwares out there but i feel like these services all achieve high economic throughput and the ability to upgrade industries to better fit the needs of their consumers there s a common argument against companies like these believing that there is no moat or treating the market like it s zero sum but i believe that the growth of things like apple and microsoft informs the growth of things like google facebook and amazon and so on the existence of google facebook and amazon will allow companies like pinterest zoom and other child competitors to grow and develop their own markets it appears that next generation technology seems to be occupied by developing for experiences and not just digital consumption what do you think of these three companies
job data inflation a few regarded notes sorry for my poor english 1 being an employer i don t understand why was the new job openings data so underestimated for january companies tend to time the opening of new positions and filling vacancies for the start of the year i don t say that the whole surprise results from this but this is an important factor 2 the contradiction between high rates easing inflation but strong job data leads me to the conclusion that inflation is to the supply chain driven to a mauch larger extent than many thought it is 3 the market is mainly focused on us rates and does not to seem to pricing in the easing supply chain situation the effect of supply chain disruption and its recovery is underestimated with china reopening and with the global supply chain adjusting to the long lasting war inflation will go down maybe quicker as we thought
florida as fuck for the win all in on bbby
reit s fucking tanked this year and are in further decline shows how the pros are thinking how the housing market is going to develop guess they assume an increase in failures to pay rent and a decrease in property values that doesn t mean though that property prices will have the same decline
to yolo or not to i m 16 and don t have a ton of money to spend the question be should i yeet my last paycheck of the summer $900 into bbby or do i just put it towards my truck like a normal person
msft and googl earnings how is everyone playing the earnings i m thinking puts on microsoft due to high dollar and drop in pc sales put on google since ad spending is down opinions
what is your worst trade of 2022 i know not even thanksgiving yet but i am ready to writeoff this turkey what is your worst trade of 2022 i know it is not thanksgiving yet but 2022 has been such a year i am ready to write it off not sure how long it will take to recover the money some of us have lost not that i needed to learn more lessons goes for most of us here but the biggest lesson i learned again was to get out with whatever profit you have and move on to the next trade i ve known this for years almost every trade where i lost money i was making money but i continued to hold the position to not only give back the gains but also to lose my own money
why on earth would anyone bet against apple how michael burry could be right about apple stock
ai is investing in itself nvda is now over 12t market cap any company that mentions ai sees an immediate and powerful bull trend but retail sentiment isn t shifting it s now clear what is happening and it s so obvious ai trading applications are pumping their own stocks using money from their hedge fund masters these ai are lining the pockets of companies like nvda to give them greater ability to produce more powerful computer chips these aidesigned computer chips allow existing ai applications to run faster and process more information the nowenhanced ai uses its new power to design even faster chips and this becomes a cycle the ai takeover is already happening we re all gonna die buy nvda
groupon $grpn shorts on borrowed time groupon stock value pushed down from 18 to 10 dollars in last 6 months with increase of 2 million shorts total short float increased from 4million to 6 million40 of float in last 6 months with stock trading at 10 dollars are shorts on borrowed time
a retard s view on why we are due for a prolonged bear market forget china and forget the war in ukraine you americans are to thank for the bear market 1 inflation is still going up and is now spreading to other sectors such as services there are more job openings than job seekers so workers can bargain for higher wages causing a wageprice inflation spiral between these two factors inflation looks like its going to be baked in 2 the last time inflation was at current levels was in the 70s and early 80s btw an infamously shit time for the stock market at which time interest rates were 10 now we are at under 2 so money is still cheap as fuck and the fed is not moving anywhere near fast enough x200b us inflation x200b us interest rates 3 to get a grip on inflation the fed is going to have to raise interest rates faster than planned and the rule of thumb is when interest rates rise stock markets fall 4 since the fed overshot a sharp rise in interest rates will engineer a recession which paired with high inflation means consumers will tighten their belts leading to worse company performance and some people needing to pull out of their savings sell shares to make ends meet market sentiment will fall 5 the market had massive stimulus from qe stimulus checks and lockdowns where we had nothing to spend our money on the party is now over and its time for the hangover market sentiment will fall further 6 quantitative tightening will reduce market sentiments even further and soon the boomers will start pulling out their money and retire further reducing sentiment and then after that the retards will pull out their money as the final dip is about to come market sentiments by this point will be somewhere below the earth s crust this is when to buy back and the moment is still a long way off until we get inflation under control and the recession starts it takes no balls to hold as holding means you dont have to do anything it takes balls to sell and i ve sold retards piping hot regards beargang
ever heard about a tender offer twitter so for sure most of you guys have no clue what a tender offer is so here i go a tender offer is a public solicitation to all shareholders requesting that they tender their stock for sale at a specific price during a certain time the tender offer typically is set at a higher price per share than the company s current stock price providing shareholders a greater incentive to sell their shares what y all thinking about it let the bashing beginn
tellurian $tell what is everyone opinion on tellurian especially with the new need of nat gas around the world russia will never be trusted again with supplying anyone $tell
51k yolo on pce tomorrow personal consumption expenditures nah puts conquering everything positions 1 31 ndxp 17550 put 3 31 spxw 4910 puts $51 000 in puts in anticipation of the pce print tomorrow i think it s going to come in a tad hotter than expected cpi was hot layoffs etc it helps that we re due for a profit taking day nasdaq has taken some l s in this postmarket intc v and i expect a few more overall market l s tomorrow morning this is moreso a bet than a play based on fundamental or technical analysis so i wanted to post this after market close i don t want folks tailing me but i do want y all to think of me tomorrow when market opens lol when this wins a chunk of these gains will be put towards a bullish amazon play that s the only ticker i m truly confident in next week bear roll call where you at what are we dining on tomorrow
is this a case for you regarded bulls so was doing research on market and stumbled upon this what are your thoughts you regards
summary of closing arguments from spiritjetblue vs doj case law360 boston december 5 2023 244 pm est while hearing closing arguments in a monthlong bench trial a massachusetts federal judge weighed tuesday whether he could strike a balance between permanently barring a proposed $38 billion merger between jetblue airways corp and spirit airlines and letting the deal go through as is during more than two hours of arguments in the closely watched case us district judge william g young peppered both sides with questions about what an outcome might look like that allows the deal to go forward but with additional divestitures that might help buoy the market for bargainhunting fliers who would be harmed if spirit ceased to exist the us department of justice and several states sued to stop the merger arguing it would harm competition by removing a socalled ultralowcost carrier and cost consumers billions of dollars through higher fares and fewer seats on planes the airlines have countered that a merger like this is the only way spirit can survive and the only way to compete with the big four carriers that dominate the market united american delta and southwest jetblue attorney ryan shores of cleary gottlieb steen hamilton llp said during his closing argument that the company has agreed to significant divestitures to help out other ulccs and allow them to enter markets currently served by spirit my question is accepting all that what if i were to say these are fine but we need a little more judge young said asking if he should hold further hearings on the potential remedy you absolutely can your honor shores replied and my question is should i the judge asked as opposed to a fullstop injunction the court should hold a remedy hearing if it determines there is any harm from this merger which we of course deny the attorney responded judge young had floated the notion of ordering unspecified additional divestitures at various points during the trial which drew crowded galleries and a lineup of airline industry bigwigs at various points jetblue s ceo testified that the big airlines have no reason to sweat his company s deal with spirit and a united executive told the judge his airline would aggressively target budgetconscious fliers judge young also heard from spirit s board chair who said there were no profits on the horizon for the bargain carrier and the merger is needed tuesday s closing arguments which at times seemed more like appellate oral arguments with the judge s frequent questions and interjections drew an audience so large that nearly two dozen people stood behind the packed benches and two dozen more occupied an overflow courtroom two floors below when asked by the judge about the prospect of additional divestitures to sweeten the deal from the government s perspective doj attorney edward duffy said he could not imagine anything that would make up for spirit exiting the marketplace looking at the nature of the harm it is difficult for me to envision what type of remedies could offset this you re talking about a significant reduction in capacity a loss of a ulcc competitor duffy said the extent of the harm we discussed there does not seem to be a remedy other than a fullstop injunction that would restore competition but judge young said he was struggling with whether a permanent block on the deal made sense in what it seems quite clear to this court is a dynamic industry facing unique opportunities and challenges in this postcovid environment don t you think i ought to build in some future review or way to see if whatever determinations i make here can be rethought if my assumptions are incorrect judge young asked duffy the attorney said the deal cannot exist in its present form and under the current and foreseeable market conditions this is a softball question this question jumps to the end and presumes the government prevails here i am having trouble with a permanent injunction judge young replied maybe a permanent injunction is too restrictive that s what i am suggesting what sort of limitations should i put on it the injunction would be limited to the deal in front of the court duffy said another deal would be another case judge young replied drawing an echoed response from duffy judge young cautioned both sides before the start of the twohour hearing and the packed gallery that his questions should not be taken as an indication that he had made up his mind one way or the other further briefing in the case is expected on dec 13 while the doj s track record in recent antitrust proceedings has been mixed the government did score a victory in a similar trial last year seeking to block jetblue from forming a partnership in the northeast with american the two airlines gave up on the deal after the trial setback in making his final oral pitch to judge young shores argued that four weeks of trial 90 exhibits and 22 witnesses have not changed the fact that the big four hold 80 of the airline market and that this deal would not alter that power balance the competitive landscape fundamentally shifted years ago in favor of the dominant carriers shores said that is why jetblue began considering a merger with spirit with one main goal to create a viable disruptive national challenger to the industry s dominant airlines that mandate is even more urgent today shores said the divestitures that are already part of the deal including coveted slots at airports like laguardia in new york city are going to turbocharge other ulccs like allegiant and frontier whose ceo testified during the trial that he envisioned a frenzy of competition to replace spirit but the doj s duffy said that the fliers who would be hurt the most are those who rely on spirit as a bargain alternative counting on other ulccs to fill the void requires making assumptions that are simply staggering he said the court would have to believe that ulccs would have to grow faster than they ever have before that they would take on legacy airlines in a way that they never have before and that they would fly to places at odds with their established business models he said perhaps they view that harm to those least able to bear it as just the cost of doing business but that s not the law in america duffy continued this transaction is a bad deal for consumers the government is represented by edward w duffy james l moore iii john m briggs aaron m teitelbaum arianna markel sarah v riblet john r thornburgh ii john dimarco and garrett windle of the us department of justice s antitrust division the states and dc are represented by their respective attorneys general read more at
explain this can someone explain to me what are these spikes x200b x200b
last thing i sent my exgf before being blocked this is actually a blessing because now i have more time to trade shit coins and ask for tips for not doing anything at all so thank you all for providing me with these me and community it s an honor to be apart of
could the fed hike 50 bps in march here s what morgan stanley says would need to happen summary of the feb 3 ms research note highlighting revisions to fed policy projections the recent payroll data revisions have caused a shift in the baseline forecast for the march fomc meeting from a pause to a 25bp hike the revisions also raise the probabilities for a wide range of policy outcomes including an increase in the magnitude of hikes an extension of hiking and the possibility of the next move being up after a fed pause the updated data shows that if the pace of job gains from january is sustained a 50bp hike may be firmly on the table for debate the fomc statement shifted the focus from the pace of increases to the extent of increases and chair powell suggested that the march summary of economic projections could include a lower path for rates the incoming data releases including jobs and inflation prints will provide important information on the extent and pace of the fed s tightening path the february payroll report is expected to show net job gains of 200k and a repeat of a 500k jobs print could lead to a 50bp hike as early as the march meeting the labor market may see more resilience which could extend the tightening cycle the underlying demand dynamics point to a slowdown in jobs and the recent job gains are likely to be a oneoff and not inflecting upwards tldr could see 50bps hike in mar if next nfp is jan repeat massive beat
can we make a new gamestop honestly this page is about to blow up and fuck wallstreet
the rest of october bloody monday tank my home tuesday whip me daddy wednesday take it all thursday diamond hands friday
i was fired for discriminatory at my job and decided to trade turned $300016k and last month 23k18k thanks for firing me i was fired from my job for discriminatory reasons so i decided to trade i turned 34k16k in 2 hours also just for shits and giggles i included a couple trades i did on jan 5th that netted me around $1500 i was fired from my job for discriminatory reasons because i was absent twice in a row and have a rare autoimmune disease i ve been there for two fucking months so i turned $3400 into $16k seeing as i had nothing better to do again and a recruiter reached out to hire me for an area of law i care much more about criminal law in less than one calendar month i ve turned 23kto 18k and now 34k16k today would have been far more impressive if my money was in futures but my account wasn t going to be wired in time to trade it would have been around 34k35k i m glad i didn t because i would have missed out on a huge sum of money to the company who fired me because i was sick due to my autoimmune disease for three days fuck you i made more money in a month than you make in 4 months of work seriously though i can t believe it they couldn t access a file and instead of calling me to ask just said fuck this guy and fired me for a protected reason unbelievable as i write this i believe those puts will probably become worth 12k each or so however i wasn t going to try and play god here after having two really successful trades if anyone has any questions comments concerns or insults feel free to leave them moral of the story is have asperger s get fired and use the rage to trade and make a bunch of money when i d made that 18k last month i debated quitting to trade full time i d still need some source of income but this is kind of funny in a way that i d have been less upset if i just quit and began trading
pepsicopep down 1644 from its alltime high when talking about dividend kings and good dividend investments pepsicopep is a common topic among investors however the price of this stock had fallen from $19612 per share on may 12th 2023 to $16665 per share at the time of this post that is a 1644 drop from the alltime high on a stock that regularly increases why you may ask there are articles all over the internet about pepsico products being pulled off store shelves due to a recent price increase on goods sold by pepsico personally i have bought a good amount of pepsico on this dip as pepsico is a well established brand and company with a diverse selection of products how do you pepsicopep will perform in 2024 and why will you be buying the stock at the current price
what are your moves tomorrow december 22 2023 make sure you re in the wsb discord check out our earnings thread and rules dm the mod inbox
$eric options these options can be identified using deltas that are over 075 deep inthemoney telefonaktiebolaget s options could be used as guardians of the underlying stock as they move almost dollar for dollar with telefonaktiebolaget s stock while costing only a fraction of its price telefonaktiebolaget s latest option contracts expiring on 20230317 are carrying combined implied volatility of 4666 with a puttocall open interest ratio of 079 over 24 outstanding agreements suggesting investors are buying slightly more calls than puts on contracts expiring on 20230317
elon musk vs twitter this coming monday is going to be interesting with twitter ready to enact its poison pill to deter a hostile takeover from elon musk who would you like to see win this fight edit i would like to see elon take control of twitter because i don t like how that company is censoring users
listen here you potato faced regards 1 first of all if rc doesn t tweet tonight and the price continues to drop he could be found in violation of the fiduciary responsibilities he took on after his march purchases which included multiple board seats he could face massive finespenalties lawsuits or even prison time 2 rc did not sell we know that now the fact that the market is not responding to that information leads me to believe that there sell of is a mixture of scared paper hands retards who cant read and computers that also cant read 3 look at the charts ah after the initial selloff it s a perfectly calculated buysell in a sequential wave with almost zero volume low volume computers pretty little patterns 4 the people who really control the price don t have bloomberg terminals so the only market movers ah are computers circle jerking 5 rc cannot sell off his assets or options for another 30 days by law 6 if he were to sell today his options are so otm that he would barely profit why would he do that and then face finespenalties etc 7 my call is $40 by eow 8 rc is likely not tweeting because he is concerned about sec scrutiny that would come from any kind of social media post see elon musk vs sec on tsla 9 these wsb regards need to be a little less regarded and practice their 3rd grade reading skills 10 wsb will be filled with panic sellers crying about how they jumped ship $18 after bbby hits 30 35 40 11 lastly the real killer of bbby shares is fucking retards setting stop losses on every single account these fuckers have fomo and paper hands simultaneously when there is a panic sell that is a signal to buy not sell 12 rant over see you tomorrow rocket rocket gem gem
discussion hello everyone my first post here to anyone unaware supermicro computer inc smci has recently tanked 10 despite it having significant growth potential in my opinion this drop follows an analysis from spruce point capital that have taken a short position on the asset i personally believe this is an overreaction and smci is well poised to capitalise on projected growth in the server and electronic hardware market i believe that whether you agree with spruce point or not there is potential to profit here smci has historically outperformed earnings expectations by a relatively significant margin there is essentially a lot riding on these earnings i believe that positive earnings will likely provide a catalyst for the share price of smci to reflect its growth potential much higher than is implied by current price in my opinion whilst a negative earnings report will likely fortify the bearish sentiment that resulted from spruce point s report and cause a further selloff if you like me believe smci has growth potential disproportionate to its share price i recommend the following my strategy to take advantage of the smci s value given the timing of earnings coming up at the end of the month would be to sell credit spreads on smci prior to earnings to capitalise on potential iv crush i encourage you to read up on spruce point s analysis and make your mind up if you agree that smci is threatened sell call spreads if you believe spruce point have missed something sell put spreads regardless ensure they have an expiry date relatively far into the future this way if earnings move in your favour you profit through both iv crush decreasing the value of your sold spread and the spread moving out of the money furthermore if earnings move against you iv crush s effect on the value of your sold spread with soften the blow of your position moving against you you additionally have more time for your position to move into the money regardless of your sentiment on smci please let me know if i have missed anything
who is the designated market maker dmm for bbby if it s not citadel like it is for gme could that possibly be playing a role in the ability for bbby to squeeze under the assumption it is not currently manipulated
attention spans and market crashes 2022 edition thesis as technology has evolved we as a society have become more and more reliant on instant gratification whether it be getting that butt plug from amazon in less than 24 hours or having someone else drive to the restaurant 5 minutes down the street from your apartment instead of doing it yourself and waiting in line we now live in a time of instant gratification i believe this has had an effect on our attention spans as far as how long we are willing to wait for something to happen now how does this relate to the markets well first it means whenever a crash does happen wether that happens in this recession or not we now think in a completely different manner than we did in any other crash waiting 5 minutes for things to happen seems like a lifetime to us i think we are seeing that play out in the market right now if you look at the sp500 for the last year the market will go down for about a month then the next month go back up almost to the same high but not quiet as high all before going down for another month i believe that what is happening is this instant gratification impulse is changing the market dynamics in that we aren t going to wait for a crash from what i can see it appears that we re giving a coming crash about a month then when it doesn t happen in that short time frame we collectively go nah that s not going to happen it would have already done it we ll see how it continues to play out but i do think there is something to this
pltr spy inclusion yolo pltr spy inclusion rumoured to be friday at the meeting pretty high probability 1020x if it works imo alex karp will take us to tendytown mixture of shares and monthlies we ride to the moon friday afternoon fellas
apple fans are starting to return their vision pros prepare your wallets that are coming on sale by the vergecom
extremely deep itm put transactions on 28sep22 spy 124 transactions of $1m notional value puts traded including strikes up to 500 and expirations up to dec23 calls traded of similar order value 17 a lot of the put orders were floor trades on phlx qqq 161 transactions of 1m notional value puts including strikes up to 450 and expirations up to dec24 calls traded of similar order value 19 now of course oi won t update until market open but this really has me interested what say you
levi is cutting 1015 of its global workforce how bad are things there shot san francisco denim giant levi strauss co said thursday that it s slashing its global corporate workforce by 10 to 15 in the first half of the year as part of a twoyear restructuring plan that seeks to cut costs and simplify its operations the company employed about 19 100 people as of the end of november according to its annual report filed with securities regulators san franciscobased levi s said the restructuring is expected to generate net cost savings of $100 million in the current fiscal year it estimates it will book charges of $110 million to $120 million in the first quarter and said there could be more restructuring charges ahead chaser levi s announced the layoffs the same day it unveiled a proposed 10year extension to the naming rights for levi s stadium home of the san francisco 49ers the deal is worth a combined $170 million and is subject to approval by the santa clara stadium authority s board which is expected to be granted tuesday it will give levi s the stadium s naming rights through the 2043 nfl season they can still see the niners at levi s stadium so they can feel like they re still part of it x200b
anyone else bank on the qs meltdown 886 gain bro i love options
monday next weeks trend line for spy so i am generally thinking friday was a short cover and a wipe out for put holders and that we might go back down to the 356 level or pump up even more i guess i should try to buy the wings but i am a thega gang guy and will continue to sell verticals right now i am short and lot of short term verticals around the atm for spy 375 but i am thinking about getting some 360 puts and some 400 calls for like 2 weeks out thoughts
why are you selling the stock was at 18 a few days ago and you either a bought early and watched it start take off in which case you didn t sell when it was at 18 on the way up why would you sell now b you bought above where it was at now which means you believed in whatever caused you to buy apes watermelons shorts suck this is the one if that s the case what could possibly shake your confidence in so little time you trusted it 5 hours ago give it some time for god sakes you wanted to be a part of this for one reason or another be apart of it
wtf is a rescinded offer your units are subject to an tender offer which requires a decision please take time to review the terms of the offer review terms or go to if you decide to participate be sure to submit your instructions online by september 12 2022
2024 prediction as requested wow my 2023 prediction post really blew up see here i have had zero social media ever except here so seeing 10k upvotes is wild lol i genuinely like coming in here to read and talk sht with you all yall rock love this place i will try to answer a few requests no i did not get rich from this trade made great money on the trade but not life changing super grateful i did stick to the trade genuinely saw it shifting and even told private group text chat about it like i did here no discord or public chat room i am self taught and have traded for about 19 years now fair warning i m very direct ok idiots for 2024 so you are all still rather bearish with your double top talk and the media has been more bullish lately the big money stole your shares when spy was 355410ish theyre not selling those and you want a crash to rebuy them so big money is already winning and gives zero fcks they want to pump this beast and so does team blue imagine going on campaign saying the market is at historic highs anyways all that is bullish then we have had 2 major wars begin gold breaking out rate hikes job layoffs literally everywhere in multiple waves and rampant inflation lets not forget the sell pressure from qt all year yet after all of this the indexes are at or near ath fcking wild yes indeed so that means its all been digested and yet the market still doesnt give af the good data from a month or two ago had an amazing reaction where indexes ran 23 in a few days so any good news seems to cause more gains whereas bad news may not cause more losses as demonstrated through 2023 while we went up also even more bullish as rates are going to go down and qt ends in mid 2024 to alleviate some sell pressure bulls are very thirsty as you can somewhat see in the recent bitcoin rally and price reaction of equities to any good data mofo s still be hunting for that yield and so stocks want their btc movement too you re all going to again be wondering why how and what the hell is going on while indexes eventually grind higher for the year for 2024 i think spy will hit 505 possibly up to 519
deere earnings x200b deere seems ready to fall what will tomorrow bring amature regard
smooth brain here but i just checked the full sec filing about rc selling shares isn t this remark still bullish it says the filing represents the potential sale of his shares with his original call options at $60 $75 and $80 am i missing something are people just spreading fud you can find the full filing in the august 16th zip file here
zm earnings today what s in the cards zoom video communications zm will be releasing their stuff today so we get to see how they ve fared this recent quarter wall street expect them to report earnings per share of $108 revenue of $112 billion a slight increase of over the prior year quarter when the company reported $110 billion zoom s forecast for the january 2024 fiscal year calls for revenue of between $4485 billion and $4495 billion up 2 with adjusted profits of $463 to $467 a share consensus estimates call for revenue of $4492 billion and earnings of $468 a share with the coronavirus emergency over the company s share price has been on a rollercoaster lads we re talking cutthroat competition and growth hitting the brakes but here s the kicker zoom s gotta level up in the corporate jungle if it wants to keep its revenue game strong the company has been seeking to grow by moving beyond its flagship web meeting service it has added software for contact centers webinars chat and email plus new artificial intelligence ai tools among other things but growth remains slow the stock has retreated 5 so far this year with the nasdaq shooting up 36 amid buzz over generative ai technology today zoom is likely to post its sixthstraight quarter of singledigit revenue growth but on the plus side zoom video has about $6 billion in cash on its balance sheet they re sitting on a treasure chest boys and with this we should expect more acquisitions in a research note previewing the quarter morgan stanley analyst meta marshall dropped some knowledge in a research note the stock isn t likely to move much until investors feel more confident about the company s online business the smaller customers who flocked to the platform during the pandemic marshall s playing it chill with an equal weight on zoom another key question marshall mentioned is when some of zoom s fresh toys might spur a reacceleration in the company s enterprise business and she also wonders when zoom might use its strong balance sheet to make strategic acquisitions as mentioned earlier zoom has $6 billion in cash and shortterm investments equal to about 31 of its market capitalization important factors zoom s fiscal thirdquarter performance is likely to have gained from steady demand for products like zoom video webinars zoom rooms and zoom phones an expanding portfolio of solutions is expected to have aided customer growth in this soonreported quarter the company s ai related advancements and partnerships in the fiscal third quarter are noteworthy zoom adopts a federated approach to ai utilizing its own exclusive largelanguage ai models as well as models from renowned ai companies like openai and anthropic in the tobereported quarter zm threw down its generative ai digital assistant into the mix rather than increase revenue zoom video expects ai tools to retain customers at its annual zoomtopia user conference in early october the company said it will not charge customers for use of its ai companion that s right they dished it out free for the zoomers with paid accounts talk about a power move this is totally expected to be a key growth driver its capabilities include meetingchat summaries and smart recordings in this conference the company announced new platform innovations that leverage robust ai capabilities aimed at simplifying the workday by providing efficient communication and collaboration tools zoom video is racing to build more artificial intelligence tools into its business communications platform zoom video recently backed off from a change in its terms of service for platform users that would have enabled it to gather data to train ai models set for release in 2024 docs is an aipowered workspace that can be used for documentation project tracking and management tasks meanwhile recently told its employees to report to its offices on a more regular basis amid covid19 emergency demand for zoom videoconferencing software surged as businesses told employees to work from home also zoom morphed into a social phenomenon as making video calls became routine for consumers to keep in touch with family and friends remote learning and needs in telemedicine also boosted demand for zoom video s cloudbased services the availability of zoom clips which allows users to easily record edit and share highfidelity shortform video messages both internally and externally is likely to have aided enterprise customer growth in the tobereported quarter the company also announced the launch of notes a fresh workspace designed for creating and collaborating both before during and after meetings zoom video aims to integrate ai into more products at the enterprise connect conference in march zoom video announced the expansion of a workplace collaboration platform called zoom iq it summarizes chat threads organizes ideas drafts content for chats emails and whiteboard sessions and creates meeting agendas in may zoom announced an investment in ai startup anthropic to support research roadmaps anthropic s ai model will be integrated into zoom s contact center platform zoom video in july rolled out zoom workforce management which improves agent productivity by automatingoptimizing agent work shifts and monitoring agent performance the consensus estimate for enterprise customers in the fiscal third quarter is currently pegged at 221 336 one key to zoom s success has been a freemium business model zoom s basic videocalling package is free they put a limit on the number of participants in a group call and the length of meetings zoom software gets high ratings for ease of use and simplicity following earlier video services that provided jerky images and outofsync audio the company s freemium business model helps it win customers rapidly whom it can later convert into paying customers in the fiscal second quarter customers contributing more than $100 000 in revenues in the trailing 12 months grew 178 to 3 672 these customers accounted for 29 of revenues up from 26 in the yearago quarter the momentum is expected to have continued in the tobereported quarter the number most likely well above 3 700 now a zoom meeting refers to a videoconferencing session hosted on its cloud infrastructure paid zoom business plans cost $15 or $20 per employee and require minimums of 10 or 50 seats zoom phone a cloudcalling product rolled out in 2019 lets customers set up group internet phone calls without video the zoom phone replaces traditional business pbx phone systems zoom reached 55 million paid phone seats at the end of 2023 up over 100 yearoveryear said baird s power the company expects that to become a 10 revenue segment early this year and perhaps as high as 25 in the future however the company has been facing significant competition from the likes of cisco microsoft and google meet this might have led to a loss in small and mediumsized business customers which is likely to have hurt topline growth but let s talk competition specifically with microsoft sales growth slowed for the ninthstraight quarter as the company adjusts to slower product demand in the postcoronavirus emergency era see i m left wondering when decelerating sales will hit a bottom zoom s cloudbased software sets up video calls with chat tools available also customers can easily share content microsoft and its teams communications tools are pretty much offering the same and are zoom s major rival in the business market microsoft is upgrading its products with technology from startup openai the company in early march said company president greg tomb a former cloud computing executive at alphabet s google will leave they also mentioned in feb 7 that they will cut 1 300 jobs or about 15 of its workforce as the coronavirus crisis eases retaining small businesses as well as corporate accounts will be one key to zoom s success for customers with one to 10 employees renewals are expected to slow as the economy reopens and shelterinplace orders lift there s expected to be less turnover of larger customers in the business market zoom rivals include ringcentral rng cisco systems google and others growth in annual recurring revenue for business customers with contracts topping $100 000 is one metric to monitor in july 2021 zoom video and five9 fivn which automates call center services announced a deal to merge the allstock deal was originally valued at $147 billion but the companies terminated the agreement on sept 30 zoom video aims to be a player in the contact center market with its own products and services what to do for earnings over the last 2 years the shares averaged a move of 74 with earnings regardless of direction options currently are pricing in a biggerthanusual move tho i m going to consider this a lotto play and grab calls 1124 70c 142 why because i believe it s really time that they turn things around with their ai usage and increasing customer base if earnings are bad it s simply not going to crash low enough for puts to be profitable however with expecations pegged at where they are calls might be the move here keep in mind like my other posts this isn t financial advice i d like to just show people the type of stuff we tend to look at when trying to attempt an earning play this hopefully will help you with future earning plays too later this week we have nvda
bridgewater shorting for 67 billions openly trick deliberate provocation of a short squeeze or what can the intention be million euros vonovia 126 bayer 319 munich re 116 allianz 388 infineon 166 deutsche brse 145 basf axa 646 sanofi 646 safran 201 bnp paribas 230 vinci 242 schneider electric 341 l air liquide 346 total energies 704 intesa sanpaolo 180 adyen 180 ing group 185 asml holding 1001 iberdrola 332 bbva 141 banco santander 253
first real gain very cool 6k that was supposed to go in a rothira i recklessly threw into stock nice
$6 000 to $275 000 $panw gains tldr i bought 224 panw weeklies for earnings accidentally double downed on puts including 40 $300p for 37 per contract total cost $1 507 sold for $126 892 6 $315p for 131 per contract total cost $790 sold for $26 540 22 $300p for 58 per contract total cost $1 268 sold for $61 541 15 $315p for 170 per contract total cost $2 545 sold for $58 954 total cost basis $6 110 total sold value $273 927 in utter shock because this gain was actually supposed to be a hedge yesterday morning i bought 40 224 $300p for 37 per contract and 6 224 $315p for 131 per contract about 5 minutes from market close i realized i didn t hedge yet usually buy callsputs early in the morning and the opposite at the end of the day depending on if there is a run up or big increase in iv logged onto my brokerage and didn t have cash available so i logged into my other brokerage with like 2 minutes left in the market trying to get an order placed to hedge my puts my dumbass bought more puts thinking i got calls in the morning i ended up buying 22 224 300p for 58 per contract and 15 224 $315p for 170 contract at 403 i looked at panw and saw it was up like 18 and when i went to look back at my positions for the day i realized i accidentally double downed on puts i guess being regarded sometimes does pay off time to yolo 100k on 0dte spy
rplace missing us are you retards fucking serious there is a whole graffiti going on and we are not peeing on it the rplace wall is missing my man s icon and we shouldn t have it there is a wall of among us formerly fuck putin we can nuke and put our finger painting there or are you incles work 930am to 4pm erectile staleness time
what happens if you follow jim cramer exactly a multiyear study of mad money picks jim cramer gets a lot of attention both positive and negative some people say that you should do the opposite of what he says and you would make money i sticked with a simpler approach trust noone but numbers below you can find the statistics for executing long positions for all the mad money buy mentions short for sell mentions opening positions every morning at 930am on the day after the show holding until 930am next day and repeating the same the setup i ran 2 strategies short and long below is the setup each strategy tracks all the historical mad money calls and updates with new every night $10k distributed daily equally among all stocks on each side strategy setup the results i was a bit skeptical at first thinking that it would be mimicking the overall market performance at best or even losing money i was pleasantly surprised with 2022 performance first 1186 on the long side ytd 2853 on the short side ytd then i decided to backtest it since 2016 and here is what i got x200b annual gains of long short combined 20162022
$bbby yes there is still hope but it is not looking good at all is the short squeeze thesis still relevant a simple short guide for regards note for mods idk if this qualifies as a dd so i ll just post it as a discussion post disclaimer nothing i say is financial advice i do not even have enough knowledge of the market to be confident in what i am saying so there is no reason you should be confident in what i say position 200 shares 1555 as of yesterday sold 150 shares this morning down 75 of your life savings now you ll have to sell your car to keep your wife s boyfriend happy that s fine you made a bet it looks like it s not working out or is it if you ve sold or plan to sell today and keep what you have left good for you that is how a normal human being functions insert all that crap about sometimes you win sometimes you lose anyways let s get to it first off in response to people saying it is not over yet i have to say yes it is kind of i would say at this point it is not worth putting or pouring money you need into $bbby chances are just like many failing companies the company will be liquidated or there will be a merger with another company you can hold your bags in hopes of some type of merger with a huge company which may drive the price up that said as a true regard i did not buy $bbby for its fundamentals fuck that shit i m here for a squeeze and you are too probably so i am not gonna go any further into fundamentals and boring details unless it is relevant and i will keep this as simple as i can not because i want everybody to understand because i do not know any better now let s look at the short squeeze thesis and see if it is still valid reminder i do not know what i m saying if i am wrong please correct me it ll be appreciated i am not a financial advisor i hold a position in $bbby x200b the squeeze thesis $bbby has been a target for short sellers for quite some time the fundamentals of the company are shit and so it s logical that people would short it shorts are basically hoping that the company will go bankrupt and they ll make a shitload of money when ufataspirations looked into the reports in the dd linked above he saw there are around 27 million shares short as of july 29th and a considerable amount of those shares are below $7 that means shorts are losing money and there is a chance they ll cover their shorts to stop their losses and if the price goes high enough shorts will get margin called and forced to close their positions there were also a lot of call options ranging from $10 to $20 and some even up to $80 now i have no idea how options work i was never into them i just know that if there are enough call options spread from $10 to $20 it will cause an upward momentum when they are exercised again i m not sure if that s right so read the dd linked above the point is that the options hinted at an upward momentum which is devastating for shorts to sum up there were enough shorts for a short squeeze to happen and there was evidence of a good up trend that would trigger the squeeze therefore there is a chance for a squeeze i m sure there was more into the squeeze thesis at that time but a high si and the call options were enough for me to make a bet x200b is the squeeze thesis relevant now yes in fact it s looking somewhat promising at the moment the si is above 50 percent meaning more than half the float is shorted today s trading volume is nearing 100 of the float and $bbby is on the reg sho list which according to investopedia is a list containing securities whose transactions failed to clear for five consecutive settlement days at a registered clearing agency if i am not mistaken this implies that the price decline is due to short selling and so the decline is temporary overall everything is set up for a short squeeze to happen but what everybody needs to understand is that there needs to be a catalyst or something that would cause the price to go up unless the price jumps high enough for the shorts to get margin called or decide to cut their losses there will be no short squeeze to summarize the squeeze thesis is still relevant but at least i do not see how there will be an upward momentum to cause the squeeze i still think it is possible that is why i did not close my position entirely but i do not think it is likely point is do not do something you regret if you can afford to gamble make a bet therapy session ends
nvda will reach other galaxies i have seen some fear about nvda so i travelled across the internet and in my office work in ai field to gather anecdotal evidence that is best for making decisions as it is asymmetric information so apparently all of these small ai startups are super popular their products are selling like wildfire and reps are getting rich not only are they selling these gen ai apps are making companies incredibly efficient it s like as significant as the invention of the wheel venture capitalists just can t stop putting money into these genius ideas that are so transformative big tech as well the metaverse is going insane microsoft and googles ai products are transforming how we conduct business with ai and even more ai just making it so no one even has to show up to work anymore it s internet 40 corn is doing incredible and farming corn alternatives for trading will just always be incredibly valuable as the dollar is just so weak and you can t track corn or corn alternatives they allow you to escape the irs and live your libertarian utopia fantasies thank god all of this is true so that we can justify the current price of nvda such a glorious company my price target is $2000 and even then it s a steal
thoughts on pork belly futures trend analysis and what this means for the longterm fiduciary interfinancial relationships of the macro and micro sub economy growth charts
what are your moves tomorrow december 27 2022 watch wallstreetbets discuss markets on youtube follow twitter join discord play ban bets check out our earnings thread and rules dm the mod inboxsex line
why the minimum holding period does not apply to ryan cohen dispelling copium when you want to sell either restricted or control securities you must file a form 144 the key word there is or because restricted and controlled securities are quite different restricted securities as the name implies have restrictions on them this would occur for example if you work for a company that provides shares as a part of their compensation to you but doesn t want you to immediately sell them this is not the case for ryan cohen he bought his shares on the open market the reason he needs to file form 144 is because he is a large shareholder making him an affiliate making his securities control securities x200b control securities are those held by an affiliate of the issuing company an affiliate is a person such as an executive officer a director or large shareholder in a relationship of control with the issuer control means the power to direct the management and policies of the company in question whether through the ownership of voting securities by contract or otherwise if you buy securities from a controlling person or affiliate you take restricted securities even if they were not restricted in the affiliate s hands x200b additionally here is a quote from the same sec website stating in clear terms that only restricted securities are subjected to the holding period rule the holding period only applies to restricted securities because securities acquired in the public market are not restricted there is no holding period for an affiliate who purchases securities of the issuer in the marketplace but the resale of an affiliate s shares as control securities is subject to the other conditions of the rule x200b there is even more misinformation being spread claiming that the filing of form 144 gives ryan cohen the option but does not compel him to sell or that it means he will sell sometime in the next 90 days this is a little more unclear but as far as i can tell there is no reason to file this form without the intention to sell i would even speculate that it could be viewed as market manipulation if rc were to file the form and not sell and he could be opened up to lawsuits the sec website goes on to state a person filing a form 144 must have a bona fide intention to sell the securities referred to in the form within a reasonable time after the filing of the form x200b tldr ryan cohen paperhanded x200b x200b edit this statement appears at the top of form 144 transmit for filing 3 copies of this form concurrently with either placing an order with a broker to execute sale or executing a sale directly with a market maker which makes it pretty clear that rc has placed a sell order x200b disclaimer i have no positions in bbby
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of june 18 2022 read rules follow twitter and ig join discord see ban bets
what are your moves tomorrow june 15 2022 read rules follow twitter and ig join discord see ban bets dm mods because why not
sigh paperhanded like a mf sold for just a 70 gain yesterday first thing in the morning
volatility is coming the skew or cboe skew index is a volatility indicator that calculates the difference between atm at the money and otm out of the money options on the sp500 it is calculated and disseminated by the chicago board options exchange cboe as we can see from the graph below graph 1 it starts to rise againthis may prompt us to buy puts again we also have an rsi of the vix t oversold levels graph 3 and an rsi of the sp500 traveling towards the overbought threshold even if it can still make way graph 2 the upcoming options expirations will be key and i expect volatility to increase and price retracing within the next month obviously the upcoming inflation data will also play a key role in how important this tracking will be x200b x200b x200b
nasdaq 100 completes its round trip and makes a new high erasing drawdown that started in late 2021 max drop was 355 x200b
joe rogan supports plan by bernie sanders to end wall street speculation by taxing stock trading joe rogan is in favor of a plan by bernie sanders to put an end to wall street speculation by taxing stock trades to give away more free stuff
$save popping off just had to post as i m newly regarded and this is a big deal to me just wish i had more to put in the merger between spirit and jetblue seems like a no brainer to be passed in my highly regarded opinion thanks to the people who put me on to it my kids will get a christmas this year
smci weekend gains didn t screenshot all of it was busy selling got over 15k today gains
the comeback today stayed strong only in the one category that it deserved to retail but i sense that will be pulled down tomorrow a bit jim cramer giving us the buy signal tomorrow will be extremely parabolic won t be surprised to see $30 at market open and laugh at all the weak paper hands who sold for a loss
inflationstagflation might not gut the saver but instead force them to take risks dd $tsm $tm x200b many people expect that there will be an economic recession and if not stagflation stock market analysts mostly those featured on cnbc are criticizing the fed for not hiking rates faster and tapering to counter inflation that is out of control i on the other hand think differently the us dollar is currently the strongest currency in the world now trading on par with the euro swiss franc strengthened against asian currencies jpy twd vnd rmb sgd yes a strong dollar might mean imports are cheaper and more spending abroad but this also means that the rest of the world is more heavily impacted by inflation despite the inflation figures being higher in the united states devaluation of the currency when prices are inflated means less purchasing power and the saver may or may not be gutted down the road but will this ever happen who knows what i do know is what happens when prices and wages go up there is an attempt at equilibrium a balancing that occurs it might be rocky and typically odds are in favor of rising costs as we have seen repeatedly throughout history but through this balancing act inflation will normalize again after all inflation is a measure of the rate of change of prices over time in physics termed velocity vs acceleration prices might continue to go up but its rate of increase is a completely different measurement what might it be that is stopping the feds from hiking quickly with treasury yields at 3 we want more increases but any more increases will continue to devalue the old bonds and bond funds crushing 401ks putting the hardworking americans at risk that s a big no no a hard paul volcker will stop inflation in its tracks but i think our national debt is already large enough to say no to issuing more debt that s why the feds don t want to touch the gas or the brakes as this directly affects v prime inflation is not currently out of control prices won t ever come back down but it s rate of increase will so what s my plan when i don t want to spend but saving is also risky i think the economic downturn here might just force some people to park their money in attempts to protect it people might invest it in education to look for a higher paying job people might invest in the saturated real estate market even though high mortgage rates are usually a deterrent for the typical 95 families people might spend it now because they might lose it later people might invest it back in the stock market the saver will be forced to take risks but in less risky areas the increase in prices will make people want to flee cash especially those countries facing a currency devaluation take venezuela for example due to hyperinflation the stock market went up over 2800 in a short amount of time with increased prices and an unknown cost for rd it is difficult to say a new competitor will come out of the blue and steal away market share without burning cash all in all inflated prices might just make it more costly to own valuable companies going forward let alone starting a company what s my prediction i believe foreign investments will suddenly be very popular again especially the large caps that have proven sustainable profit margins operating margins and have recently sold off am i a ccp advocate no china might have attractive investments touting the largest and boldest earnings but i am a bit more risk adverse what i am looking at are companies like tsmc and toyota these two companies supply the world with most of the components in electronics vehicles machinery and they have superb margins they are two of the many backbones to the world during this critical time companies that are too big to fail and ingrained into the global economy and more importantly it s country of origin considerations i took when picking these two companies relevance margins pe peg currency valuation economic outlook market crash great reset would be coolnot really good luck timing the market i ll just buy more of these companies if they hold the same backbone status this is wsb where the lottos with earnings around the corner i might just get some 88c 714 for tsm immediately after iv crush if any tldr op owns tsm and tm
es supportresistance by adam mancini as long as above 3770 adam believes es will fill out channel es in and ultimately test 397080 then 4020 last place he would try to go long is 3770 supports are 3800 3770 3740 3705 3680 3640 below 3640 meltdown commences to 3580 3500 resistances are 384055 38953900 major 3915 3930 3975 4015 i am sure your thinking take this manure to rinvesting hear me out why do you think so many buy high and sell low they see price going up and they buy calls and as soon as they buy the price goes down they blindly purchase just before a resistance level or they see price going down and as soon as they buy puts the price starts going up again they purchase those puts right into a support level i know you are probably not the brightest tool in shed you are probably on your break from flipping burgers and don t have much time but listen to me technical analysis works it s just you are getting your information from morons probably from wsb the crayon lines you are looking probably are drawn by idiotic barely intelligible functioning members of society people that you probably run away in real life or at least ignore okay they might be 23 people here in wsb who know technical analysis so you don t know anything about technical analysis you have a little of money to gamble you work hard at wendy s this is your hard earn money your tired of been poor you decided to buy options give yourself a chance with those options is there someone out there that could help you luckily for you there is a nerd that publishes accurate supportresistance levels his name adam mancini with over 134k followers he publishes supportresistance levels for es daily in his twitter account okay i should explain this since you are probably slow es sp futures is almost identical to sp standard poor s 500 index during normal trading sessions and spy spdr sp 500 spy etf tracks sp i know what you will say that nerd who draws crayon lines is trying to sell me a newsletter for $23 a month for you probably that is a lot of money working your minimum wage job you don t need it i am a subscriber i find it very useful and educational adam provides supportresistance levels bear scenario bull scenario his trading plan and his strategy you are here in wsb to trade like adam you need a brain need to be disciplined need to be sophisticated need to be able to read price action need to be patient you are working at wendy s you are not a trader you are a gambler okay so his levels useless to me no mate please read the following for you to understand a support level is a price level where there are more buyers than sellers this means that the price is more likely to bounce off this level rather than break through it however once the price has breached this level it is likely to continue falling until meeting another support level a resistance level is the opposite of a support level this means that there are more sellers than buyers it is where the price tends to find resistance as it rises again this means that the price is more likely to bounce off this level rather than break through it however once the price has breached this level it is likely to continue rising until meeting another resistance level a previous support level will sometimes become a resistance level when the price attempts to move back up and conversely a resistance level will become a support level as the price temporarily falls back once an area or zone of support or resistance has been identified those price levels can serve as potential entry or exit points because as a price reaches a point of support or resistance it will do one of two thingsbounce back away from the support or resistance level trading ranges or violate the price level and continue in its direction trading breakouts until it hits the next support or resistance level the basic trading method for using support and resistance is to buy near support in uptrends or the parts of ranges or chart patterns where prices are moving up and to sellsell short near resistance in downtrends or the parts of ranges and chart patterns where prices are moving down buying near support or selling near resistance can pay off but there is no assurance that the support or resistance will hold therefore consider waiting for some confirmation that the market is still respecting that area trading breakouts a breakout is a potential trading opportunity that occurs when an asset s price moves above a resistance level or moves below a support level on increasing volume the first step in trading breakouts is to identify current price trend patterns along with support and resistance levels in order to plan possible entry and exit points once the asset trades beyond the price barrier volatility tends to increase and prices usually trend in the breakout s direction breakouts are such an important trading strategy since these setups are the starting point for future volatility increases large price swings and in many circumstances major price trends when trading breakouts it is important to consider the underlying asset s support and resistance levels the more times an asset price has touched these areas the more valid these levels are and the more important they become at the same time the longer these support and resistance levels have been in play the better the outcome when the asset price finally breaks out asset prices will often move slightly further than we expect them to this doesn t happen all the time but when it does it is called a false breakout therefore it is important to consider waiting for some confirmation while trading breakouts markets regularly cycle between clean trend and choppy consolidation spending as much as half the time in the consolidation overall usually after a large move in market a consolidation phase occurs after choppy consolidating phase where price moves between a strong resistance and a strong support a breakout occurs when either strong support fails or resistance broken everyone focuses on being smart but not being stupid is actually more important not being stupid is essential for survival do not buy puts as price heads down to strong support do not buy calls as price heads up to strong resistance do not buy options when market consolidating do not bet it all in one move you might get lucky and win big but eventually you will lose big is better to trade level to level with proper size position using risk management buy calls when strong resistance shatters buy puts when strong support fails buy options during breakouts when market is trending remember after large move expect market to consolidate to be in range for a day or two i probably will regret this but i will answer any question regarding supportresistance levels not responsible for how you use this information your money your decisions lotto tickets 01 dte options only buying if breakouttrend exists buying puts below 3770
people don t understand recessions when will x reach $x never you fucks that 20 year run is over 80 of companies you re trading options on will cease to exist in 3 years either rip 0dte or go full long you re not gonna time any shit or make any money on anything but blue chips for a long time
new tesla model 3 debuts chiseled design 421mile estimated range guys the new tesla model 3 refresh is here design looks slick tesla hasn t done any refresh to model 3 it s been 6 years finally it s time hopefully this catalyst can help stock restart its moon mission towards 300 with cybertruck delivery also around the corner tesla is expected to announce officially the dates for the unveil of tesla model 3 refresh
upgrade from wendy s turns out wendy s isn t the only fall back option there s a local deli in las vegas that will take in the wsbs lost boys hourly wage plus tips emphasis on the tips it is vegas after all
unsolicited testicle reads june 18 2022 edition been reading a lot of assumptions here in the posts and daily threads recently alot of people think we re due for a bounce and just as many if not more say otherwise i have no idea what you retards are basing your conclusions on but here are some lines i drew on my charts to share with the group some of you get it the other half need to find jebus spy s 1hour chart here we have a falling wedge usually a bullish consolidation pattern that s been validated with at least 3 contact points on both top and bottom also reinforced by the bullish divergence in both the rsi and the ppo makes me think that we do see a nearterm bounce likely this coming week what does the divergence mean it means that as the price action makes lower lows the momentum indicators are making higher lows this typically indicates that there s more buying than the price action is leading us to believe spy s 1day chart moving onto the daily chart we can see a clear breakdown on the larger falling wedge as well as the falling broadening consolidation wedge patterns which means my previous conclusion may well be total bullshit in addition to this we also see a longer term bullish divergence extending since may in the rsi which we re right on the knife s edge on either extending it further or completely invalidating it should know this week the ppo divergence hasn t yet validated so a longer term recovery isn t yet in the cards unfortunately that said the bottom line is our fed flipflopaccommodation trendline every time we ve hit it marks a fed policy reversal 2008 2019 and 2020 which aligns with what a lot of economists are theorizing that the fed will trigger a recession with its aggressive hiking and will be forced to back off not saying they ll reduce rates but perhaps take a pause sometime this summer to allow the economy markets to catch their breath anyway this is just my insight and since market sentiment is so bad while fundamentals are finally starting to come back into play still not 100 reliable just yet nearterm technicals are all i really have to go off of not going to throw good money after bad on a hunch take it or leave it don t really care what you think about this hopefully a few of you find value in it positionsi ve recently flipped long taking starter positions on friday after riding the capitulation down of the market pricing in the 75bp hikes for this month and next ba 715c $140spy 715c $365vix 630p $30sofi $6 cost average and continuing to accumulate shares through the recession edit tldr fuck you and learn how to read a chart
alcoa valuation and model x200b spreadsheet from damodaran recommendation buycall i didn t have enough money to invest in this one before it jumped this week you regards might want to jump on the train though here s my take
one of us one of us had turned 900 7880 post nvidia earnings back in may june idk not last earnings lamao one before gambled half and furnished my apartment with the rest then kept winning and pulling out until i yoloed into spy puts on this fabled past week aaaaaand i ma sell some psa 10 pokemon cards and be back in the casino fellow regards
realtime volume where i can get access to real time volume contract size volume not tick volume for major indexes like spx dow and crude oil is it possible to extract that data from globex
20221006 better tasting crayons mathematically derived options plays tickers of interest tldr gamma max cross bsx 1118 41p for $175 or less abev 1118 3p for $010 or less fsm 1118 25p for $010 or less tcom 1118 28p for $190 or less avtr 1118 28p for $125 or less delta neutral cross pypl 1118 925p for $605 or less nem 1118 425p for $170 or less m 1118 17p for $115 or less zs 1118 175p for $1145 or less expe 1118 100p for $755 or less trading thesis why these crayons taste better technical analysis and indicator based trading tend to use past price performance in order to predict important price levels today this analysis is based on the current option open interest with that option open interest it calculates portfoliolevel greeksnotably delta and gamma more importantly once the portfolio level greeks are established i can now simulate the change in greeks at different price points from there i can find the price levels where portfoliolevel gamma is the highest and the portfoliolevel delta is close to 0 for some tickers the underlying price reacts strongly off of delta neutral gamma max and sometimes both it s the reaction off of these price levels in the past that is being used to drive trading signals the plays and target entry prices given are calculated using a binomial option pricing model that reflect the expected size and duration of the reaction from gamma max or delta neutral a lot of these plays are profitable by underlying moves in stock the best plays benefit from the directional move as well as the increase in iv notes something to give you a new wrinkle if the price has moved past the entry price exercise caution something changed between the time these plays were generated and market open look to sell half your position on a double and freeroll the rest to exit at your discretion i tend to risk up to 1 of my total capital on any trades i take if my conviction is lower i ll only allocate 05 or even 025 of my capital to the trade and dollar cost average in the trades were calculated before market open and so are based on information up to yesterday keep that in mind when deciding to enter well after the fact faq because others have already asked these plays are mostly puts are you a gay bear no it so happens that the companies have had some recent runup which implies they are overextended these trades are primarily some form of meanreversion either toward or away from an important price level are you entering all these plays no there have been a dearth of plays in the wsb morning talks and so i opened up my bag of tools slightly wider to point out more plays with a probable edge to help lead apes to more gain porn go through this curated list of plays pick the ones you like based on whatever additional analysis you use and get that gain porn
market recap 42023 things are bad but not all bad and the fed is not done yet tldr things are bad but not all bad and certainly not bad enough for the fed to change course economic indicators are flashing red but consumers are still in good shape earnings on the other hand may face more pain down the road global cb tightening continues bad for stocks x200b the fed global tightening continues yesterday i mentioned we should keep an eye on global liquidity and here is a major one ecb accounts a very large majority agreed with mr lane s proposal to raise the ecb s key interest rates by 50 basis points a number of members seeing risks to inflation as tilted to the upside over the entire horizon fed s mester need to get rate above 5 to meet 2 inflation goal how much higher than 5 rates will need to go and how long will need to stay there will depend on the economy us weekly jobless claims at 245 000 last week est 240 000 us apr8 week continuing claims 61k to 1 865 000 getting close to prepandemic level again the fed s target is 45 and we are still far from there the economy just as the market starts to cheer about the surprise beat of the empire state manufacturing index on monday here comes the faceslapping news philadelphia fed apr business index 313 vs mar 232 8th negative month in a row negative last 10 of 11 lowest since may 2020 break down forecast 250 to 117 business conditions were 232 in last month april prices paid fell to 82 vs 235 new orders rose to 227 vs 282 employment rose to 02 vs 103 shipments rose to 73 vs 254 delivery time fell to 250 vs 243 inventories fell to 179 vs 112 prices received fell to 33 vs 79 unfilled orders rose to 111 vs 213 average workweek rose to 84 vs 220 sixmonth outlook rose to 15 vs 80 sixmonth outlook for capex fell to 54 vs 38 here is the bright side both new orders and shipments rose and the sixmonth outlook rose too both price paid and price received fell so good for disinflation employment rose unfilled orders rose and the average workweek rose so it s not as bad as it looks lei fell again in march with the recession looming the us lei fell to its lowest level since november of 2020 consistent with worsening economic conditions ahead the weaknesses among the index s components were widespread in march and have been so over the past six months which pushed the growth rate of the lei deeper into negative territory the conference board forecasts that economic weakness will intensify and spread more widely throughout the us economy over the coming months leading to a recession starting in mid2023 i have mentioned multiple times in my previous posts that this indicator is a leading indicator for growth and highly correlated to stock performance global liquidity normally leads lei and ism which again needs to be closely monitored which were up since the beginning of the year however the liquidity increase turns out to be just temporary and is scheduled to decline from here due to more tightening activities from cbs bad for stonks but on the bright side the coincident economic index was up again in march and has been rising over the past six months component indicators include payroll employment personal income less transfer payments manufacturing trade and sales and industrial production so there s no recession just yet based on past data when lei was at this level the us economy would head into a recession 100 of the time but lei is very heavily focused on manufacturing and currently service is holding pretty strong and is in fact still growing consumers are still spending what recession amex card member spending rose 16 on a fxadjusted basis travel and entertainment spending grew 39 fxadjusted march was a recordsetting spending month highest we have ever had amex reaffirmed guidance for the full year not seeing a slowdown in the consumer segment in the us delinquency is expected to be below prepandemic levels in 2023 omnicom ceo prior to this call i was talking to the ceo of adobe and one of the things he was saying is i wish people would stop talking the economy down because business is great confirmation that overall consumers are still spending heavily and that the service side of the economy is still pretty strong but not everyone is optimistic blackrock vice chairman hildebrand i don t see a soft landing happening don t see any scenario where we have us interest rate cuts this year blackstone ceo i think inflation is definitely cooling it is increasingly in the rearview mirror and we see it in our portfolio companies but the fed will hold rates at an elevated level for an extended period of time the housing market is still pretty strong inventory is simply too low no one wants to sell mixed signals on housing sp 1500 homebuilding index blue has rallied sharply off low and is consistent with recent move higher in homebuilder sentiment orange as both confirm recent firming in housing market however the median us home sale price fell 33 in march to $400 528 the largest yearoveryear drop since 2012 follows february s 12 drop which was first annual decline since 2012 in last week s post i mentioned consumers are doing ok with higher savings and lower debt than before the pandemic here is another piece of evidence apollo us households are in excellent shape household leverage is currently at levels last seen in the early 1980s if the unemployment rate rises consumer spending will slow down but the starting point for us households is very strong that s partially why i think the fed can and will keep rates higher for longer because consumers are doing ok which gave the fed the confidence to keep going retail sales continue to slow down with no sign of rebounding in sight weekly retail sales have eased to 11 yearyear softest gain since february 2021 the business even though earnings results are extremely strong this quarter analysts earnings estimates for the year keep diving lower which also affected the sp500 yearend targets below is the latest from yesterday yearyear growth rate in forward eps for sp 500 tech sector has fallen to 77 which is worst since 2009 bloomberg survey of wall street strategists has average sp 500 target at 4025 blue down from prior average of 4050 and below yesterday s close of 4154 orange tsm reported earnings this morning q1 revenue was down 5 yoy but what makes it worse is the q2 guidance drop of 133 good luck with your aapl calls my positions have not changed qqq may 19 2023 300 put spy may 19 2023 400 put tlt leap call spread 110115
cof capital one way undervalued why did i buy 420 shares of cof you might ask because my boy buffet jumped on that train maybe or maybe it s because i am smart enough to read an income statement looking at cof s income statements 2023 q1 back to q1 2020 there is 23 growth in total revenue from $725b to $89b why is their eps decreasing from highs in q2 2021 of $762 to $232 in q1 2023 because they are setting aside cash for potential credit losses in q1 2023 alone they set aside $28b which is taken as an expense in banking and called a provision for credit losses in q2 2021 $116b was used right now cof is the most undervalued bulge bracket bank showing consistent revenue growth driven by increased interest rates and increasing credit card debt in the us they are trading far below their competitors at only a 74 pe their pricebook value is 082 and priceev is only 087 this bank is a steal yes there is fear that charge offs will go through the roof in a recession sorry but that s not going to happen look at the labor market j po can increase rates all he wants but people will continue to have jobs and continue to buy shit on ccs that they don t need and pay the minimum balance monthly additionally their loan portfolio may decrease in value but they are mostly htm and they have the deposit balances that it would take a black tuesday bank run to decrease their liquidity to the point of catastrophe tell me why i m wrong bozos
is there any reason that nvda won t crush earnings next week it seems like all the forecasts and projections have them beating calls all the way
how prevalent do you think insider trading is do you think there are a ton of people out there who have amassed the majority of their wealth from insider trading
a little piece of nonfinancial advice regards my fellow regards i know what you re all thinking after a rough morning like this one how could we have been tricked again into holding these massive bags well you fucking morons you should know that meme stocks are highly volatile and are not for the feinthearted or the paperhanded secondly you only take a loss once you sell i will repeat that for the regards in the back of the bus you only take a loss when you sell yea the price tanked on the announcement news but that was because of the legitimately regarded folks who are actually paying attention to bbby s fundamentals they paperhanded because the fundamentals don t look stellar and of course they fucking don t you dipsticks it s a pretty shit company tbh but that s never been the play here the shorts have doubled down and are still holding their positions so we need to do the same this massive dip from the paperhands should be considered a 40 off sale on the stock and for all you $27 fomo bag holders now s your chance to average down we apes can lock up their shares in our diamond hands and keep the pressure up even after yet another massive sell off we ve recovered to about $9 or roughly up 85 from a month ago the point is this is not financial advice and you fuckers are on your own i m just telling you to use your regarded little brains and stay focused on the overall picture tldr the squeeze is still on drown out the rest of the noise over and out you fucking monkees edit i got you uenvironmentalfilm93 position 43 shares $1561
why eli lilly rose so much what is their business rt
inflation explanation for highly regarded individuals and what it actually means well folks the cpi updates came out today and with those updates a flood of idiots also came along as per usual and completely misrepresented what the data show whether this is to try to push sentiment in one direction or due to sheer ignorance is unclear but ignorance is not a defense that holds up in court so first let me explain a hugely important point and the reason why i m making this post in the first place inflation is not down i know many of you did not make it past addition but these statistics are being referred to in a second order manner this means that the degree to which prices are changing broadly speaking has gone down as opposed to prices themselves which are far less likely to go down anytime soon prices are increasing it s just that the amount prices are increasing by increased less than a bunch of nerds had decided it would to say this means inflation is down is not only horribly inaccurate but dangerously stupid which i guess could probably serve as the slogan of this sub so now that that s out of the way let s break the rest of this down for those of you that read at a third grade level and do math at an even lower level today it was reported that the consumer price index cpi which measures a wide basket of goods and services rose 01 from the previous month and increased 71 from a year ago the labor department reported tuesday so once again prices are still rising that s it that s all the news was what does this mean it means that broadly speaking things are 01 more expensive compared to last month and 71 compared to this time last year if you itemize it by the various categories that broadly make up this basket of stuff some stuff is up and some stuff is down notably according to the bureau of labor statistics bls the index for shelter was by far the largest contributor to the monthly all items increase more than offsetting decreases in energy indexes the food index increased 05 percent over the month with the food at home index also rising 05 percent do you hear that people food and shelter prices rose yes food prices can be variable but still this is very concerning it is being pitched as rosier than it is when these press releases come out look at all of the major legacy media outlet postings which i m sure most of you don t trust anyway it s all being reported as better than expected a term we hear in the investing community if you wanna call this sub that all the time you can just as easily reframe this as holy shit prices are still rising even after significant increases in fed interest rates what economists decide to predict it will be is still an arbitrary measure relative to sentiment just an educated guess for what it might be if you had an eating disorder and decided you wanted to lose weight you could tell yourself you guess you will only have gained 20 pounds if it comes in at 15 pounds instead you beat expectations but you still haven t figured out how to diet that s what this is we re trying to put the economy on a diet and it s still not working we ve just arbitrarily decided it s less bad i m not saying the sky is falling either i just don t wanna see everyone in here baghold harder than they already would just because cnbc who employs fucking jim cramer said inflation is actually going away and you believed it because you don t even know what any of this shit really means you ll notice too that on the back of this news the market spiked and then slowly sold off x200b tldr because 34 of you can t read this many words inflation is still here the degree to which prices have still gone up came in lower than expected x200b eta visual mod agreed which means i m right
should i buy 30k worth of yeezys to hold and resell i have 30k that i ve been holding off to invest in the market however kanye and adidas terminated their partnership meaning yeezys will not be made as they are now they will become more rare i want to go on stockx a shoe reselling platform and buy 30k worth of yeezys since it s a physical asset it could also be a good hedge against inflation this is probably a safer bet than 90 of strategy s on this sub i m wondering if anyone has some insight i think in this market it might be the best investment i can make the nike yeezy line which was also discontinued has gone up a ton in value from what i ve seen is this a no risk guaranteed bet here s a quote from an article i read resellers predicted the price of yeezys could jump nearly 50 percent which would put the shoes at an average of $400 per pair
the question that s never asked each and every day we get asked what are your moves tomorrow but no one ever asks why are your moves
former vp claims salesforce lied about software capabilities it was all a lie in 2022 salesforce unveiled software that processes and organize customer data in realtime a lawsuit filed by a former company vice president says it was all a lie the court documents say the software does not operate as fast as the term realtime suggests and in fact many of its processes took several hours the lawsuit also claimed that the cdp team wanted to redefine the meaning of realtime so that it could falsely claim that the cdp operated in realtime
searching for efx trading total compensation data can anyone share bonus information for electronic fx efx traders at any of the banks i am trying to show a vp that they have been getting below market rate as their bonuses have been super low but it s been hard to back it up without having access to total comp data
would a $10 call on $dtc for friday be a good investment never done a call before and could use some advicemockery i m currently holding 450 $dtc but a $10 call sounds like it it would be very profitable thoughts
intc what are your thoughts on it cramer said it s a not buy so i went and bought some just out of spite really the stock is at its 5 year minimum what s going on it s bloody intel that s like one of the biggest tech giants what s going on
first republic s less attractive twin mors certa hora incerta my first dd in nearly 2 years so let s hope i don t fuck this up this is not a yolo and i only have a small microscopic position in $hewhoshallnotbenamed and $schw as i choose to remain mostly cash during the chop see first picture for target ticker for the simpler minds there is a tldr at the end that will sum it up in lord of the rings terms and chicken terms $hewhoshallnotbenamed metropolitan banki personally had never even heard of it until last month when flow started entering into june and july puts however i kept it on radar and by 1030am today flow in total of nearly 8 000 puts entered the party most added to the jun23 25 puts and may23 20 puts with around 5 800 contracts throughout the day more flow trickled in but nothing in comparison to market open as earnings approach on july 20 i am anxious to see if $frc similarities exist in the deposits estimate and outlook most notable flow only in orders $100 000 during the last 11 days as the market has continued to rally banks have been added to in a trickling manner as firmsfunds and whales reposition short into them $schw schwab has had smaller hedging take place in puts but not of great size x200b $schw schwab has had larger size put into selling calls screenshots are of april as not large enough size has been noted the last 11 days in my mind $schw is is stable waters when compared to $hewhoshallnotbenamed however schwabs sheets still remain in a sea of turmoil with management looking like a baby without a pacifier withdrawals pose a threat but the lack of deposits with their outlook and guidance being the deciding figure on july 17 this might appear as dry as prison sex but flow almost always wins in the banking sector more of an observation rather than a biased viewpoint tldrlord of the rings frodo is $hewhoshallnotbenamed and the covid test is any indications of an $frc repeat gandolf is cramer hoping his claim about $frc being the last fail is correct lord of the rings frodo is $hewhoshallnotbenamed and the covid test is any indications of an $frc repeat gandolf is cramer hoping his claim about $frc being the last fail is correct chicken bwak bawk bawk kluk bak bawk $bwak bawk bwak bwak x200b update 1 zion leading bank sell off and met bank down another 20 today mors certa hora incerta update 2 $schw seeing more flow enter today in higher volume puts only from 930am1145am this morning mors certa hora incerta update 3 boom
a continuation of crayons vs doomers i made this post awhile ago talking against some of the doomerism we saw at 4350 and 4300 on the sp here is a bit of a continued crayons for posterity x200b x200b we have had a downtrend in the short term peaking july around 4600 and coming all the way back to 4100 on the sp but we still didnt really break that prior low at 3850 so the greater uptrend is still intact in fact after spiking below that uptrend line i drew in that could be drawn a lot of ways we broke right back above it and seemingly broke the short term downtrend by setting a higher high its a bit early to know for sure we are barely above the prior high but the uptrend seems intact still if you seem my prior post this could all be the long term continuation of a downtrend and thats still intact until like 4850 on the sp
the market is about to drop again cause fed we ll go to that point there won t be any hesitation about that j powell don t believe the propaganda this is not an opportunity for some of the longerterm investors here it s a short squeeze a bear market rally and there is absolutely nothing wrong with playing this rally which could give one a quick 510 gain take it play the cards as they are dealt however there is absolutely no sign whatsoever that this bear market is even close to being over will it be 40 down 50 down who knows or perhaps none of that because the fed could easily panic after stocks drop 30 if you are a longerterm investor act like one think long term wait patiently for the real buying opportunity it will come but it s not now
ray dalio s economic and investment principles extremely long ongoing reference guide tldr 4 3 2 6 12 see lists below x200b economic principles 432 four big forces productivity the shortterm debt cycle the longterm debt cycle politics three important equilibrium s debt growth is in line with income growth that is required to service the debts economic capacity utilization is neither too high nor too low projected returns of equities are above the projected returns of bonds which are above the projected returns of cash by appropriate risk premiums two levers monetary policy fiscal policy six main factors to judge a country s power by innovation meaning technology education and competitiveness economic output share of world trade military strength financial center strength reserve currency status economic and market movements are like a perpetual motion machine of interactions of these nine 12 investment principles the theoretical value equals the present value of future cash flows the actual value that it will trade at will equal the total amount of spending if i calculate the total amount of dollars spent on something divided by the quantity of goods sold asset classes will outperform cash over the long term the out performance of asset classes over cash ie beta cannot be very positive for too long assets are priced to discount future expectations so when inflation growth risk premia and discount rates change asset prices change every investment is a return stream diversification can reduce risk more than it reduces returns so it improves returnto risk ratio return streams can be either betas or alphas the key to good investing is to create good portfolios of good return streams return streams can be risk adjusted to be risk balanced the holy grail of investing is finding 15 or more good uncorrelated return streams systematize decision making rules should be timeless and universal context dd this is the looooong winded part 1 we have this broken down in terms of economic principles and investment principles because the markets follow the economy to understand the market you must understand the economy to do that you must understand the four major forces three important equilibrium and two levers 2 the economy and the markets are like a perpetual motion machine of the interaction of the above 432 3 over time things get better in the quality of our personal lives we look to increase the quality of our living individually and as a society this is called productivity 4 productivity is the most important thing but we don t really see it because it evolves over a more extended period 5 the big things that we see and feel every day are debt cycles there is a longterm debt cycle and a shortterm debt cycle 6 by shortterm debt cycle i usually mean the business cycle 7 for instance if the economic activity rate is too low in a recession and there is weakness in the economy the central banks cbs produce credit 8 credit is buying power cbs produce that credit which creates purchasing power for goods services and financial assets and then the economy picks up and that cycle typically lasts seven to ten years 9 as the economy picks up the demand rises relative to the capacity as you get later in the cycle the cbs hit the brakes raise interest rates and tighten monetary policy the unemployment rate is low because there is less slack in the economy they put the brakes on it by pulling the lever to increase interest rates they tighten monetary policy then you have a recession slow up which is the cycle 10 and because credit is buying power credit produces debt and debt means the obligation to pay back 11 it is crucial to understand that nature is cyclical first comes the stimulation then comes the paying back 12 when you produce credit you can spend more than you earn 13 and when you pay back you have to spend less than you earn 14 and that is the nature of the cycle most of us are aware and acquainted with this cycle 15 with that cycle comes market cycles and this is all that i mean by the shortterm debt cycle 16 there is also a longerterm debt cycle which is an accumulation of all those shorterterm debt cycles 17 because everybody wants things to go up they want their asset prices the markets and employment to go up 18 for that reason cbs will stimulate the economy typically lowering interest rates until interest rates hit zero 19 when interest rates hit zero they can t do that anymore which brings us to the need to print money and buy financial assets which we call quantitative easing qe and when cbs can t do qe anymore or there are limitations imposed we come to the end of the longterm debt cycle 20 so now we have covered a shortterm debt cycle a longterm debt cycle and productivity 21 now related to all of that is politics there are internal politics and external politics and in that normal cycle they are related 22 for example in 2008 and 2009 there was a debt cycle and interest rates hit zero and that is very similar to 1929 to 1932 there was a debt crisis and interest rates hit zero 23 and in both of those cases there was a printing of money and buying of financial assets and this caused those financial asset prices to go up and more economic liquidity and that particularly benefited those with financial assets and contributed to the wealth and income gap as did technology 24 as a result of that in the 1930s and also now politics entered the picture and the wealth gap is causing populism a populism of the left and populism of the right has an effect on the markets and an impact on the economy 25 so we are seeing a situation very similar to the 1930s in which we are seeing a rising power challenging an existing power which is a geopolitical cycle 26 when a rising power in the form of china is challenging an existing power in the form of the united states and if we look at the history and cycles of those periods there is a cycle of conflict and peace 27 typically peace happens after war because some dominant country wins the war and nobody wants to fight the dominant power which creates an extended period of peace 28 and i am not saying we will have a military conflict although that always exists as a possibility 29 these cycles have happened over and over again 30 politics can affect the cycles for example the shift in the united states to create a tax cut helps the corporate tax picture and causes stock prices to rise 31 okay those are all the cycles then we compare it to three equilibriums 32 first debt growth must be in line with the income growth required to service the debt 33 if debt growth is faster than the income growth that will service the debt we will have an adjustment and i am always doing a proforma what is the ability to service that debt this is the first equilibrium 34 the second equilibrium is that the economic activity or capacity utilization rate is neither too high nor too low that means if you have it pressing up too much or overheating the economy that will cause a tightening monetary policy and a correction 35 if you have it too low so that the economy is depressed and there s a lot of slack that s going to cause an adjustment to bring it up so always be watching where we are relative to that because that is a key driver of the cycles 36 the third equilibrium is that the projected returns of equities are above the projected returns of bonds above the projected returns of cash by appropriate risk premiums 37 in other words the capital markets produce the circulation of buying power in the form of this credit and this relationship of the cash to bond yields to stock yields and asset classes determines how money flows through the economy 38 and for normal condition for reasons i won t digress into is to have cash have a lower return than bonds that have a lower return from equities having to do with how the system works 39 cbs put cash on deposit and people with better ideas have to make a profit to use that money to create these other levels of economic activity and have higher returns 40 when that is not the case the way they tighten it is through the use of two levers 41 the two levers are monetary policy and fiscal policy 42 monetary policy is how the brakes and gas are put on and the brakes and the gas being put on become reflected in each of these other items 43 if debt growth is too high relative to income growth and capacity utilization is high or stretched cbs will tighten monetary policy 44 the tightening of monetary policy will change the projected return of cash relative to bonds and those equities and those risk premiums will slow the economy down 45 and that will drive those cycles and that s how the economy operates in this perpetual motion 46 if you could picture where you are in those cycles and what is happening you can anticipate what will happen next because it is that perpetual motion machine 47 that is the template in a nutshell you must constantly be thinking where are we now 48 here is some hard data for you 49 when you look at gdp going back to 1900 and again gdp is productivity there is a significant inevitable force that happens over a period of time even the most significant economic turbulence you know looks like a bump in that cycle productivity is a big force betting on productivity is a big force 50 as you get later in the longterm debt cycle what happens is that productivity begins to slow because there needs to be an investment and there needs to be other things when there is activity or prosperity you get more productivity a selfreinforcing cycle 51 suppose you examine charts showing productivity over a certain period in developed countries and china in that case you will see in varying degrees that productivity will bend over as they are later in their longerterm cycleus china japan etc 52 japan is later in that debt cycle and you see hardly any productivity growth 53 that is what productivity looks like now where are we in the shortterm debt cycle of the business cycle 54 see appendix a b to see what the cycle looks like 55 what happens from the capital markets stock market perspective as you begin to go to higher levels of operating rate and lower levels of unemployment cbs begin to tighten liquidity starts to tighten and risk premiums begin to rise 56 as of march of 2019 we were nine years into the cycle unemployment rates are comparatively low and there is less slack so it is no surprise that cb tightens monetary policy 57 the cb tightens monetary policy by either raising interest rates or lowering the purchases of the financial assets they buy by expanding the balance sheet and that is where we were as of q1 2019 58 if you look at how markets behave in that part of the cycle we break cycles into three pieces the early phase of the cycle the mid phase of the cycle and the late phase of the cycle 59 typically when you are late in the cycle it coincides with less attractive returns 60 interest rates hit their lows and can t go lower so we deal with quantitative easing 61 if you look at a chart going back to 1900 and examine the debt to gdp ratio to examine how now it seems like the cycle we went through in the 1930s 62 in other words because of the debt crisis and interest rates hitting zero you had the printing of money as evidenced by examining the cb balance sheet the monetary base and the acceleration of printing money the same thing happened in the 2008 financial crisis you can see the debt crisis you hit zero in interest rates they are stuck so they have to print the money and then we have the reaction 63 very similar to 1932 to 1937 as the economy picked up in 1937 they started to tighten monetary policy because they were worried the economy was overheating and inflation was going to rise and they caused a recession 64 that was the first time they used the word recession it was like redepression and they used the term recession which was the 1938 period 65 we talked about debt but there are also unfunded liabilities that we don t call debt which would be pension and health care liabilities there are a lot of liabilitiespromises out there that must be kept 66 as it relates to both the markets and the economy we have been in a golden age of capitalism in the following sense profit margins have more than doubled since 2000 meaning that if you didn t have an expansion in profit margin the stock market would be 40 lower 67 profit margins grew because of several factors such as efficiencies gained with technology globalization creating a larger market share and companies reducing union membership which reduced employee compensation and contributed to the growth of the wealth gap 68 the wealth gap or profit gap has been great for companies but it has not been great for a certain percentage of the population if you look at the conditions of the bottom 60 percent of the population and the bottom 60 means the majority the conditions have been bad 69 since 1980 there has been no real income growth in the united states in a fed survey 40 of all americans could not raise $400 in the event of an emergency so there is a gap 70 the wealth gap is seen by looking at the net worth of the top 110th of 1 of the population s net worth which is almost the same as the bottom 90 combined 71 as a result we have populism populism on the left and populism on the right that is a phenomenon that developed countries didn t use to have not only is it a political phenomenon but an economic and market phenomenon 72 because as we go into the political elections in countries such as the us and throughout europe it will be a conflict of capitalism over socialism or the left and the right and it will become extreme in both cases 73 and as these profit margins improved and corporate tax rates have gone down you also have cheap money used to buy back stock or make mergers which also helps boost stock prices 74 many of these items will not continue in q1 of 2019 this model predicted that profit margins would go down and you were at the best of the corporate tax rates so that likely won t go much lower 75 this all means that we are entering a new environment that will not be as conducive to purchasing financial assets by the cb simply put we are going from tailwinds to headwinds 76 to give you a flavor of what this political situation is like and the polarity and the entrenchedness you can look at charts going back to 1900 which show how conservative the republicans are through a survey to examine economically conservative and as of 2019 they are more conservative than ever 77 you can look at another chart back to 1900 examining how liberal democrats are in policy and they are also more liberal than ever 78 this means both parties have not had greater polarity than we have today 79 suppose you include the votes cast along party lines in each chart in other words republicans are sticking with republicans and democrats are sticking with democrats in that case it easily depicts the entrenched conflict we are having in the us 80 the political polarity is not just taking place in the us but also in europe it was expected that jeremy corbyn would remain in power in the uk which would impact capital flows 81 but france elected macron and the uk elected boris johnson boris is centerright and macron is socially and economically left 82 so we are relatively late in the cycle and entering a period where cbs have less power than they used to ease in conjunction with populism in election cycles 83 you can judge the capacity of a country to ease by looking at the level of interest rates relative to zero the amount of quantitative easing that can take place and its marginal effects 84 for example in the us you go from 25 to zero then you are done 85 but in europe there are limitations caps at 33 of certain types of debt that they can t go beyond unless there is some type of agreement politically which is very difficult to agree on anything so there is going to be a problem for the european central bank ecb to have the ability to stimulate 86 japan was somewhat similar when they had slightly negative interest rates reducing the ability to stimulate 87 so that is the lay of the land with markets and the economy with the 432 88 moving on to the rising power challenging the existing power china will be an important influence in the world we are operating in for the rest of our lifetimes and china will become an increasing influence in globalization and so on 89 when you examine the relative output of china and the us and what is likely in terms of equity market cap and share of debt securities outstanding you will see the strength of these powers 90 in other words the chineseasian markets are becoming more prominent liquid and effective these markets will play an important role as will the chinese economy in our environment not only in the form of trade but also in the form of geopolitical impacts mainly reflected in technology 91 if you look at history and what caused countries to succeed and fail it was mainly driven by technology 92 when you examine the rise and decline of world reserve currencies first to do that you first have to examine the arc of each of these currencies 93 there is the us dollar before that you had the british pound and before that you had the dutch guilder and as a result of that you need to understand several things about the economies that made them a reserve currency in the first place how did they become reserve currencies and how did they lose their reserve currency status this means we must watch several factors statistics numbers and indices 94 so we get down to the six main factors you can judge a country s power by 1 innovation meaning technology education and competitiveness 2 economic output 3 share of world trade 4 military strength 5 financial center strength 6 reserve currency status 95 power is a vague thing and you can have economic power you can have military power and you can have power in different ways 96 we will examine these factors over four cases the dutch cycle the british cycle the us cycle and the chinese cycle 97 in examining these cycles the first is innovation meaning technology education and competitiveness mostly a new technology like the 5g technology and the issues pertained to huawei and other technology companies 98 if you have the technology it works both economically and militarily and in the case of the dutch it was the ability to build ships that could go anywhere worldwide and they took those ships and because the europeans were experts in fighting they always fought with each other they took the guns put them on the boats went out to the rest of the world and accounted for half of the world trade 99 and when they go out there with half of the world trade they bring their money the dutch guilder and when they bring the money it becomes a world reserve currency 100 to go out into the world they must have a military to support that 101 and so these cycles go on and if you were to look at a chart to exemplify this with the us being blue and china as red going back to 1500 and averaging these things what you would see is the chinese have typically been number one or number two 102 although the world was a different size those were all very far away places compared to the way we live now where it is all one sort of world 103 and this will conclude the economic principles as of 2017 we were relatively late in the business cycle metaphorically the 7th inning 104 there is a relative tightening of the business policy and monetary policy we have less economic capacity greater polarity and a situation where we will have political issues and those political issues will be market issues 105 because as we start to think will this be a movement to the right or the left that will impact capital flows 106 now we will transition to the list of investment principles appendix c 107 first is 1 the theoretical value equals the present value of future cash flows 108 in other words every investment is a lump sum payment for a future cash flow 109 so when we think about what is something worth we look at those projected cash flows and we discount them with an interest rate to arrive at the theoretical value 110 the actual value that it will trade is listed in investment principle 2 111 2 the actual value that it will trade at will equal the total amount of spending if i calculate the total amount of dollars spent on something divided by the quantity of goods sold 112 so we should always be looking at how much will be spent what are the spenders motivations and determine the quantity 113 in short we estimate the total spending divided by the quantity to estimate the price 114 and 3 asset classes will outperform cash over the long term 115 this is required otherwise the economy s gears come to a screeching halt 116 and 4 the out performance of asset classes over cash ie beta cannot be very positive for too long 117 because if it were it would be easy if it were positive you would borrow cash buy the long things and make a lot of money 118 it comes with big bumps along the way 119 this brings us to 5 assets are priced to discount future expectations so when inflation growth risk premiums and discount rates 120 and 6 every investment is a return stream 121 what i mean by that is every day you can mark it to the market and you know what it s like so the key is to put together portfolios of return streams so that they balance well 122 dalio says that whatever success he has or bridgewater has experienced has to do with knowing how to deal with their not knowing more than anything they know this is because what you don t know is a lot and you can reduce your risk a lot more than you will reduce your return by knowing how to diversify well 123 this is investment principle 7 diversification can reduce risk more than it reduces returns so it improves returnto risk ratio 124 and then we need to get to the next one which deals with understanding that there are two types of return streams 8 return streams can be either betas or alpha 125 what i mean by a beta return stream is that there is an intrinsic reason that that asset class will behave in a certain way that you will know 126 in other words if growth rises faster than discounted and interest rates don t rise much you know that stocks will go up 127 so there is an environmental so you can structure that 128 alpha is a zerosum game in other words for me to produce alpha i have to outperform and take money away from somebody else this is zerosum like a game of poker 129 and again 9 the key to good investing is to create good portfolios of good return streams 130 and to balance them you have to risk balance them which is 10 return streams can be riskadjusted to be risk balanced 131 in other words somebody might think that if i put 50 of my dollars in stocks and 50 of my dollars in bonds i am diversified but that is not true because the volatility of stocks is twice the volatility of bonds and because of that you have to risk balance them 132 and then 11 the holy grail of investing is finding 15 or more good uncorrelated return streams 133 and lastly systematizing decision rules is critical 12 systematize decisionmaking rules should be timeless and universal 134 what i mean by that is we should write down the criteria for investing and then we take those criteria and test them through all periods of time and all countries timeless and universal 135 because if something happened at one time and your process is not working at that time then it must be that you haven t explained the differences 136 and so by forcing ourselves to try to make those rules timeless and universal it becomes the standard that we operate by so all rules that you operate by should be timeless and universal 137 3531 138 if we were to pass through some charts for example going back to 1975 and you would think of this chart as the rolling returns of asset classes you would be able to see that all asset classes have good times and times that are bad 139 and on average they are above zero but they all have down periods 140 and inevitably what happens is that most investors love the asset classes that did well the biggest mistake of most investors is that they think the investment that did well is a good investment rather than thinking of it as a more expensive investment 141 so you can break the drivers of asset class returns into a few categories which is true for all asset classes two main things drive it inflation and growth 142 basically if you tell me that inflation is going to be higher than expected and growth be higher than expected then i would know what to invest in higher than discounted not sure if he messed up on 3708 when he said higher than expected and higher than discounted 143 but if we knew that we would all know what to invest in 144 so those become the two main drivers they can rise or decline 145 and then there are discount rates and risk premiums sometimes written as risk premia 146 discount rates mean the interest rate impacts all asset classes because the interest rate is the discount rate you use to compare the cash flows 147 so if you raise the interest rate that is negative for all asset classes and then you have when you strip all that risk premium out that equals the following 148 a chart that shows what happened in history in relation to that context 149 as an example a chart would show growth assets relative to assets that you would hold if you had a falling growth environment and assets that you would hold if you had a rising growth environment and the same with inflation and then add what the discount rate is and then also looking at the risk premium which would be the residual of that and that s what we have an allweather return an allweather return is an optimally diversified portfolio 150 and if you were to examine the data on diversification you would see that diversification can substantially improve your risktoreturn ratio 151 turning to a chart that would show the holy grail of investing 152 the xaxis shows the number of assetsalphas in the portfolio from 120 and yaxis shows the annual portfolio standard deviation 153 and if you can do what this chart depicts you will make a fortune and be very successful and it is simple but not easy 154 the concept is that if you can get 5 10 15 20 good uncorrelated investments you can substantially improve the return to risk ratio 155 the chart illustrates that diversification is more important than good even in picking the best investments 156 most people think give me the best investment and let me put all my money in what i think is the best investment but that is wrong 157 the goal is to find your best ten uncorrelated investments and put your money in that and you will do a lot better 158 so again if you look at that chart and the yaxis the standard deviation let s call that risk of 10 and imagine i invest in an asset that has 10 return and 10 standard deviation and let s say i put in a second investment that is 60 correlated with that third fourth fifth sixth and so on you can see how the risk in your portfolio would significantly be reduced 159 this means if you have a diversified portfolio of stocks fyi the average stock is about 60 correlated with average other stocks you can put in 100 investments you can put in 1 000 investments you are not going to materially reduce your risk relative to just putting in 5 10 which will reduce your risk by 10 to 15 if you have an uncorrelated return stream you can get actually get better than uncorrelated because you can have negatively correlated but let s say i put in an uncorrelated return stream you would see what the chart would show for example you more than cut your risk in half at five uncorrelated return streams if you go to 15 uncorrelated return streams you will reduce your risk by nearly 80 160 this means you have improved your return to risk ratio by a factor of 5 161 to recap you can reduce your risk significantly without reducing your return which is the key to it 162 so when i look at this i think there are two types of assets what s your strategic asset allocation mix what is your beta in other words what portfolio do you usually have in my opinion it should be highly diversified but along those lines in terms of something like half in growth half in inflation rising and declining then alphas you have to have a lot of different alpha in the case of bridgewater there are over 100 different types of alphas and about 130 different kinds of markets in terms of trading 163 appendix a coming soon reach out if you would like to assist 164 appendix b coming soon reach out if you would like to assist 165 appendix c same list from beginning of post tldr 4 3 2 6 12 economic principles 432 four big forces productivity the shortterm debt cycle the longterm debt cycle politics three important equilibrium s debt growth is in line with income growth that is required to service the debts economic capacity utilization is neither too high nor too low projected returns of equities are above the projected returns of bonds which are above the projected returns of cash by appropriate risk premiums two levers monetary policy fiscal policy six main factors to judge a country s power by innovation meaning technology education and competitiveness economic output share of world trade military strength financial center strength reserve currency status economic and market movements are like a perpetual motion machine of interactions of these nine twelve investment principles 1 the theoretical value equals the present value of future cash flows 2 the actual value that it will trade at will equal the total amount of spending if i calculate the total amount of dollars spent on something divided by the quantity of goods sold 3 asset classes will outperform cash over the long term 4 the out performance of asset classes over cash ie beta cannot be very positive for too long 5 assets are priced to discount future expectations so when inflation growth risk premiums and discount rates 6 every investment is a return stream 7 diversification can reduce risk more than it reduces returns so it improves returnto risk ratio 8 return streams can be either betas or alphas 9 the key to good investing is to create good portfolios of good return streams 10 return streams can be risk adjusted to be risk balanced 11 the holy grail of investing is finding 15 or more good uncorrelated return streams 12 systematize decision making rules should be timeless and universal
hedge fund seeker just watched the game stop doc sheesh wanna learn more about hedge funds
trying to recoup my loss day 1 sold my c3ai calls way too early and only profited 30 instead of 160 at its peak then dumped the rest into msft and baba calls i have a pdt restriction so i m pretty much forced to see my trades through and not pussy out
trading of bbby halted on etrade i m seeing a lot of posts about trading halts of bbby on different platforms i m seeing a red trading halted banner on etrade too
bbby is about to skyrocket there s nothing holding it back it has a stable future and its shorted beyond belief hold on tight
crypto crash inbound hey guys i bought a bunch of eth 12 months ago at about $1100 when prices shot up this month instead of being satisfied about my first good trade i immediately regretted not investing my entire life savings i have about $60k cash sitting in checking i m hoping prices drop again so i can sink it all into the same asset class because diversification is boring it looks like prices are going up though i m considering spending it all on eth right now so i can trigger the next crash for you guys i just need a little bit of convincing from strangers in the internet what should i do
netflix sandbags their guidance loses 1 fucking million subscribers and the market goes oh 2x better than we thought i have no clue what s happening i would buy puts because none of it makes sense but i probably won t because i m allergic to money and puts is probably the right play they had a slight boost in revenue you could say the market priced in a 2 million sub loss but at its current valuation it should ve stayed flat who the fuck knows as a side note i d like to know who else sandbagged guidance in q1 since we ve clearly left the efficient market hypothesis and have entered retarded market theory edit just to throw some numbers out there for the autists their growth has more than halved since 2021 they forecast almost another 50 haircut in growth next quarter and their fcf is shit puts at open
market sentiment shift hello everyone i was planning on releasing $hood and $mgm analyses today but with the cpi info coming out the market has shifted down so i will be withholding until it stabilizes there is currently too much volatility for me to buy anything in good conscience for my portfolio previously i was bullish on these two names we will hopefully stabilise and be back tomorrow let me know if there are any names you are interested in seeing an analysis for thanks
top 30 most efficient options today hi guys this is the second attempt at making this report after incorporating the feedback from some very regarded traders priceefficiency how much are you losing to the bidask spread higher number the better expectedmove this is a percentage of the expected move as priced by the atm calls and puts for this stock by expiration date this friday how to use this in your trading do you think dash will move more than 14 by friday if not sell options if you think it will move for than that i guess you might want to go long debit an option not recommended do you want to trade intc notice how the putiv is double that of calls that means traders are bidding up the puts and bidding down the calls relative to each other if you think its going up sell those puts and buy the calls want to trade sbux realize that you will lose roughly 2 immediately when filling your trade and another 2 immediately when you exit this is how the bidask spread works how should i improve this further besides it not looking like shit what other calculations or information do you want to see leave me a comment and an updoot if you want other people to see this or if you want me to continue to share these reports
the big china play a story of risk reward and regulation i think the chinese market has aligned many key catalysts in order to rally to the upside as western markets suffer from recessionaryinflationary pressures in my analysis i discuss the risks the factors driving the recent massive selloff and is it time to buy give it a read let me know what you think let s discuss and if you like it do subscribe for free
ung wash sale i m currently holding ung and it s down a decent amount i added to the position a day ago to dca it down but ung continues to go down can i sell some of my shares now without incurring a wash sale i d like to reduce my position by 40 i could swear i did something similar to this last year and incurred a wash sale any help would be appreciated
video g discussion original investors i just finished watching gamestop rise of the players an interesting take on the whole debacle of when gme squeezed to valhalla these were the true diamond hands and true believers they were the ones that did the dd before any of you retards joined this sub they understood the inner works of wallstreet placed the bet and had the exit strategy the originals all made out like bandits and sold to better their future they all agreed the squeeze has been squozen within the documentary if all the originals have agreed its squozen what makes you believe you are smarter than them when they saw the numbers first are any of the original investors still in the play with proof of their holdings popcorn people can stay out of this one
default fear is bullshit and any dip that occurs is buyable the us will absolutely not default they ll go back and forth in congress bullshit everyone with the media cause a little scare but they won t default we have russia on the ropes draining their manpower and economic power with this little proxy war in ukraine we re still seizing oil fields in syria and we ve got big problems in little china aka africa geopolitically speaking there s too much shit going on for the powers that be to even think of defaulting what we will do is go find more oil fields to seize dictators to overthrow and more guns drugs and money to trade using the cia and some third world ass warlords can t stop won t stop toby keith might even write a new song any dip that occurs from this absolute steaming pile of bull shit is nothing but a buying opportunity edit the play as i see it thinking of buying faz puts on kbwb buying tbt andor spy 390p for second half of june i ll decide by monday i did well with tbt before when rates were moving higher about a year ago once the dip of the dippity dip happens callslong anything spy big tech probably gonna buy more msft aapl goog etc
gdx gdx has been trying to take off last few session you can see it pop markets are oversold some analysts say gdx has another 10$ to run up easy gold is the way janfeb just my two centsmerry xmas
brace yourselves the sp 500 is about to experience a crushing blow comparable to the 1929 crash hey fellow redditors i m here to share some unsettling news that s been keeping me up at night as i dove deep into the financial world i stumbled upon a harrowing revelation that sent shivers down my spine brace yourselves because the sp 500 is on the verge of an imminent and cataclysmic crash and when i say crash i mean a crash reminiscent of the devastating events of 1929 now i know what you re thinking not again haven t we learned from history but here s the thing history has an uncanny way of repeating itself especially when we least expect it the eerie parallels between our current economic landscape and the dark days of 1929 are too stark to ignore allow me to break it down for you 1 overinflated bubble back in 1929 the stock market experienced an unprecedented bubble prices skyrocketed driven by irrational exuberance and reckless speculation doesn t this sound familiar today we find ourselves in a similar situation where stock prices have soared to unsustainable levels detached from the underlying economic reality 2 excessive leverage in the years leading up to the 1929 crash investors were piling on massive amounts of debt to finance their stock purchases fast forward to the present day and we see a similar pattern emerging margin debt has reached record highs indicating a dangerous level of leverage that could spell disaster when the tide turns 3 fragile economic foundations just like in 1929 our economy is built on shaky foundations despite the illusion of growth and prosperity underlying issues such as income inequality rising debt burdens and geopolitical tensions threaten to bring it all crashing down the warning signs are everywhere but we choose to look away now you might be wondering when this impending doom will strike well my fellow redditors i believe we have only a few days left before the sp 500 plunges into chaos the catalyst could be any number of factors an unexpected geopolitical event a sudden shift in monetary policy or the bursting of a major market bubble whatever it may be the crash is inevitable and its impact will be felt far and wide i don t share this information to spread fear or panic rather i hope to encourage a dialogue and a greater awareness of the potential risks we face it s crucial to understand that the stock market is not invincible and we must remain vigilant in the face of mounting dangers while i urge you not to make hasty decisions based solely on my words i do recommend taking precautions diversify your investments ensure a wellbalanced portfolio and consider consulting with a financial advisor who can provide guidance tailored to your specific circumstances remember the past has a way of teaching us valuable lessons but only if we re willing to listen stay informed be prepared and let s navigate these uncertain times together tldr the sp 500 is on the brink of a crushing crash that mirrors the devastating events of 1929 the stock market is rife with unsustainable bubbles excessive leverage and fragile economic foundations brace yourselves as this crash could occur in a matter of days it s time to prepare diversify and seek professional advice to weather the storm ahead disclaimer this post is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial advice always do your own research and consult with a qualified professional before making any investment decisions
short shorts it s time to put your short shorts on cause $tsla is going to sink like a rock elon is facing losses on all sides and he can t seem to stay out of court he made his first interest payment so who knows when he will sell stock next the only thing investors are holding on to is higher sales volume and a new product in march more exposure for his software failures nice the next time $tsla is in the news it ll probably be because of how shittily they re made good luck bulls
looks like nvda is going for the cock and balls pattern expecting breakout to 800 after er then jizz down strategy enter at 700 after shaft is confirmed and head formation begins sell when it busts and buy puts to catch the jizz drop down
robinhood robbing the hood soas a proof for my tardness i kept my robinhood account thinking the app looks so pretty though and they fucked me with this not sure what triggered this restriction i have not done much on this account definitely no daytrading or nothing on margin i mostly trade on schwab these days but i have cash saved on this account for buying during market fumble now i m stuck they are not responding i uploaded all that they asked question is if they doing randomly for many can this be class action case
why im shorting sallie mae you don t need anyone to remind you how oppressive student debt is for nearly 100mill americans slmwho advertises that they accept 95 of applications with a cosigner a cosigner which may run into liquidity problems if the housing market collapses with rising mortgage interestmay have trouble in coming months with defaults and the ability to find quality borrowers shorting the student loan bubble with sallie mae nasdaqslm on seeking alpha whose link i cannot offer here due to bots goes into this in thorough detail describing slm s exposure to student debt in particular the article is from 2018 even more relevant now that we are seeing all of the auto loan defaults i give it like six months i notice that vanguard and blackrock have already cut down some of their major long positions for slm but realize that navient has since been nationalized and slm now has to do its debt servicing as well as lending as navient has been up to too many illegal lending practices hint short the banks does not mean buy such and such rwallstreetbets censored token it means short the banks i m just outright shorting slm because across short interest and dividend payments it comes out to about half as much as put options but i can hold it for twice as long so its 4x cheaper per day if you are degenerate enough to do this be sure you are ok with at least the number of shares you short 26week volatility otherwise you will panic exit and you need to be careful to stay in your broker s cash and equity requirements slm is currently trading about as high as it has ever been with a market cap of $4billion this is not going to be a lehmanstyle big short you get rich off because fortunately slm isnt that big but a short position can be a good strategy for defense against a credit crisis and ensure your liquidity is high in a downturn also to mention they are racist to think that someone could take out a loan for a degree and with 9 interest pay it back in a climate of wild inflation wages stagnated beyond the point they even compensate for the cost and liability of doing the job let alone living and servicing debt for an ossified piece of paper that is proven not to be effective at successful learning outcomes is highly inflated many employers now able to command a master s degree and yet is from an institution that brags about how few people they deem worthy of their education that anyone can just get on the internet seriously 9 beats the sp most years you expect 95 of people to be able to find superior white collar wage after blowing four years in this pretentious academy writing papers on intersectionality and playing beer pong you have to account for those that dont even finish college too this is obviously usury enabled by the expansion of credit allowed by the governments policy to forgive loans it capitalizes on students ignorance that they were told college is the only option to lead a successful career this credit bubble is obviously met with an increase in price from universities that attract high profile students from across the globe including and especially those that don t work and pay taxes around the same area that funds the college perpetuating dependence on student loans i have trouble conceiving that these lending practices this demand for usury and the broad consensus on the legitimacy of our education system will be able to continue or will be able to withstand a credit crisis quotes from principles for managing big debt cycles by ray dalio to identify a big debt crisis before it occurs i look at all the big markets and see which if any are in bubbles then i look at what s connected to them that would be affected when they pop while i won t go into exactly how it works here the most defining characteristics of bubbles that can be measured are 1 prices are high relative to traditional measures 2 prices are discounting future rapid price appreciation from these high levels 3 there is broad bullish sentiment 4 purchases are being financed by high leverage 5 buyers have made exceptionally extended forward purchases eg built inventory contracted for supplies etc to speculate or to protect themselves against future price gains 6 new buyers ie those who weren t previously in the market have entered the market 7 stimulative monetary policy threatens to inflate the bubble even more and tight policy to cause its popping during such times as credit bubbles most people think the assets are a fabulous treasure to ownand consider anyone who doesn t own them to be missing out as a result of this dynamic all sorts of entities build up long positions large assetliability mismatches increase in the forms of a borrowing shortterm to lend longterm b taking on liquid liabilities to invest in illiquid assets and c investing in riskier debt or other risky assets with money borrowed from others andor d borrowing in one currency and lending in another all to pick up a perceived spread all the while debts rise fast and debt service costs rise even faster i insert here that a degree is the most illiquid asset imaginable seriously human capital concept at least in the context of education is propaganda perpetuated by the present academic hegemony if you think you can stand on a pillar of western condescension and bawk at china s evergrande for building cities in the middle of nowhere get off your high horse because at least the ccp instigated the three red lines to curb limitless credit here we are so indoctrinated by the education system that we told people that college is still a good investment at 9 interest and the government response is not to meet the high demand for professional status with a commensurate increase in capacity for university education or regulate usury but just to cancel debt to bandaid the problem though i believe any of these approaches does pose risk to banks since most lenders are leveraged eg they borrow to buy assets the impact of a 30 percent writedown on their net worth can be much greater for example the creditor who is leveraged 21 would experience a 60 percent decline in his net worth ie their assets are twice their net worth so the decline in asset value has twice the impact since banks are typically leveraged about 121 or 151 that picture is obviously devastating for them and for the economy as a whole some people mistakenly think that depressions are psychological that investors move their money from riskier investments to safer ones eg from stocks and highyield lending to government bonds and cash because they re scared and that the economy will be restored if they can only be coaxed into moving their money back into riskier investments this is wrong for two reasons first contrary to popular belief the deleveraging dynamic is not primarily psychological it is mostly driven by the supply and demand of and the relationships between credit money and goods and servicesthough psychology of course also does have an effect especially in regard to the various players liquidity positions still if everyone went to sleep and woke up with no memory of what had happened we would be in the same position because debtors obligations to deliver money would be too large relative to the money they are taking in the government would still be faced with the same choices that would have the same consequences and so on
how do we cash in on economic armageddon asking for a friend i am a bot from rwallstreetbets your submission was removed because was too short please make it a comment worth expanding on i am a bot from rwallstreetbets your submission was removed because was too short please make it a comment worth expanding on fuck you guys i have a legitimate question i am a bot from rwallstreetbets your submission was removed because was too short please make it a comment worth expanding on i am a bot from rwallstreetbets your submission was removed because was too short please make it a comment worth expanding on
wtf with gld okay can anyone give me a rational plausible and coherent explanation as to why gold is down over the last week interest rates are rising the market is sliding and russia is getting even more aggressive towards ukraine and western europe yet over the last week gold and the gld etf have been falling wtf
remember when the fed intervened in the bond market during covid to promote stability now they are working to recreate such an environment the fed has literally brought investment grade bonds below where they were during peak covid fear their argument then was that this level of illiquidity would be the end of the world so they had to intervene to keep the bond markets functioning but now we have the same environment being created artificially by them as opposed to a virus and this is okay hard to wrap my head around this the only way this makes sense is if they tell some close connections what they will do for the next few months to a year such that they can profit from the volatility it s either that level of corruption or they are just incompetent and flying blind x200b x200b x200b
car loans as a ft trader if you don t have fu money and thusly don t buy cars for cash how do full time traders obtain lending for carshouses i am seriously considering leaving my career after being a casualty of bad salespeople today i m ready to be responsible for my own income but will need a car in q1 i m not sure how this is possible as an entrepreneur trader if anyone has had success doing this i d love to know how you did it
the fha loan limit floor for 2022 is $420 680 which of you did this does this mean elon is buying hud next to fix this error hudgov link
my bad guys purchased a put option the other day they re always watching
mmm 3m company 3m is a multinational conglomerate that has operated since 1902 when it was known as minnesota mining and manufacturing the company is well known for its research and development laboratory and it leverages its science and technology across multiple product categories as of 2020 3m is organized into four business segments safety and industrial transportation and electronics healthcare and consumer nearly 50 of the company s revenue comes from outside the americas with the safety and industrial segment constituting a plurality of net sales many of the company s 60 000plus products touch and concern a variety of consumers and end markets the market expects 3m mmm to deliver a yearoveryear increase in earnings on lower revenues when it reports results for the quarter ended december 2022 this widelyknown consensus outlook is important in assessing the company s earnings picture but a powerful factor that might influence its nearterm stock price is how the actual results compare to these estimates 3m mmm in the past 12 months fell 34 compared with a 14 decline for the standard poor s 500 stock index sp500 digging a little deeper the stock indeed offers an attractive combination of profitability and valuation discounts however the ongoing lawsuits surrounding its earplugs create too much uncertainty meantime 3m also faces other legal battles such as the dumping of pfas chemicals the valuation discount and profitability are insufficient to compensate for the uncertainties created by its ongoing lawsuits of course the current estimates of the legal cost vary widely as aforementioned and the total cost could end up being much lower than anticipated is the bottom in or will 3m bottom in 2023 will 3m continue to have legal issues that hurt its bottom line with legal issues lingering is it too soon to dca what do you think currently have no position
nvidia in numbers hello this post is not a buy or sell recommendation but simply a look at the numbers behind nvid and others fcf mkt cap yield ltm 5year total return cagr and price changes have added similar names nvid 12737 fcf mkt cap yield ltm pe peg margins and roe ntm next twelvemonths fwd nvid 356x fwd pe smci 421x meta 253x amz 417x tsm 205x nvid has a 21x fwd peg ratio smci 182x meta 164x amz 247x and tsm 296x broadcom 295x peg looks cheaper on a fwd pe 261x but not when factoring in fwd growth nvidia has 788x pfcf ltm however the return on equity ltm is 915 tsm no buybacks in ltm lots from meta broadcom msft forward pe time series nvid fwd pe 356x today is trading at mid of 5 year range the company traded at 708x fwd pe on may 25th 2023 earnings date where it beat eps by 1837 and was upgraded eps cagr nvidia inventory and turnover stats the expectations are clearly high when it comes to nvidia s price and earnings the two of which are mostly correlated i do believe the company has a moat and is rewarded for being pure play if nvidia continues to surprise earnings by 10 over the ntm the company should rerate significantly i m definitely a buyer at sub 2x peg if the company posts mild beats i do not think the company will significantly derate assuming it s capacity related and not demand driven earnings over the last 10 years eps actual vs analyst estimates you can see the stock gets slaughtered when posting a miss nvidia s next eps mean is $548 i do think the company will beat q4 eps by more than 62 expected increase earnings have increased an avg of 73 qoq ltm my guestimate is that nvidia will post $600 eps in the next report and surprise by 95 i hope these comps are somewhat helpful for nvid or related names the stock should perform well over the year when it delivers x200b goodluck my fellow regards x200b
gogoro $ggr to roll out battery swapping stations across thousands of hpcl retail gas outlets in india on november 6th gogoro announced a strategic partnership with hpcl one of india s leading oil companies to deploy thousands of gogoro battery swapping stations across its network of 21 000 retail outlets throughout the country over the past few years there has been significant anticipation regarding gogoro s expansion into the indian market unfortunately this journey has been marked by delays and disappointments as progress has been slower than expected however recent developments indicate that gogoro s persistence is finally paying off they have achieved the following milestones secured government support and subsidies including a $15 billion deal with the state of maharashtra the first payments have already been received aligned their business with india s electric vehicle ecosystem emphasizing openness accessibility and scalability established an initial customer base with b2b lastmile delivery companies such as zypp zomato and swiggy partnered with hpcl a capex partner to build the battery swapping network hpcl with a yearly revenue of $59 billion brings substantial resources to the project secured initial locations for the battery swapping stations through hpcl established local manufacturing facilities in india serving as a hub for international sales local scooter production commenced this month november and plans are underway to produce battery swapping stations and batteries in india in q4 or q1 resulting in estimated cost savings of 2030 launched a scooter specifically tailored for the indian market with more product launches scheduled in the coming months expanded their organization in india by hiring a significant workforce looking ahead they have the potential to enter the b2c market through pbgn powered by gogoro network partners like suzuki yamaha and possibly hero motocorp these companies can leverage gogoro s battery swapping technology to build their own scooters gogoro was recently recognized as one of mit technology review s 15 climate tech companies to watch with today s news there is even more of a reason to pay attention to this company x200b additional links awesome youtube video about battery swapping in taiwan mit technology review s article gogoro working together with india s government and industry players gogoro batteries powering a small concept car gogoro partnering with qualcom gogoro website gogoro philippines facebook gogoro in south korea dotstation brandtotal 159 swapping station locations in 8 cities october 2023 gogoro community in reddit
82322 spy es futures and apple daily market analysis well you were expecting a massive 23 sell off and thought we were about to see a dump like june then you unfortunately got severely disappointed if you expected a gap fill today to 421 you also got disappointed if you expected spy to do anything but trade within the same about $1 range for 4 hours and 45 minutes you too were disappointed i haven t really see a day where the majority of price action was all within a tight range like that in a very long time that was a frustratingly boring day to watch on the daily you can see we closed out today as a gravestone doji which i have touched on this many times before a gravestone doji at the top as in when price is running up is usually a bearish reversal however when we are seeing a gravestone doji at the bottom of a trend when price is dropping then that usually is the signal of the bottom look at spy 817 89 82 and apple 89 82 726 and 617 for examples of what i mean the most bearish thing that occurred today in my opinion is that we attempted to break through the daily 20ema at 4149 and pretty much hit a brickwall once we hit that price and rejected we never saw it even attempted again the only small bullish caveat here is that we did wick over the daily 20ema which could be seen as a hint of whats to come today price magnet all day was around 413 so of course that will be where we need to watch the most tomorrow with the gap fill at 42122 now 215 away from close it is harder to imagine that bulls fill that gap tomorrow however 2 days are not out of the norm and with the vix closing just over 24 if that were to unwind back down to 2021 that would be a big push for spy green key resistance tomorrow 4152 black resistance line 4175 daily resistance level and 200ema at 418 4201 key support tomorrow 4113 4094 4076 support area for the july 29th to present bull run something to keep in mind that historically the spy gaps do usually fill within 2 days of course this doesn t always happen but it does have a history of doing so overall i am still expecting that over the next two days we are going to push green and see that gap fill on the daily and weekly once that gap is filled i believe we will see friday turn into a fairly red day as we are going to get jpow talking at the jackson hole which he is going to once again say all the same hawkish things he has said for the last 2 months expect this time markets are actually listening futures is what i will keep my biggest eye on as we go forward tonight and tomorrow we saw a nice hold of that key 4120 level as long as bulls can defend 4120 i do see a case to retest that 4130 level however if we do lose close daily below 4120 then we most likely are going to be looking for 4000 here by next week key support 4120 4100 4075 4040 projected new red bull channel key resistance 4120 black resistance line 4158 4184 daily 200ema 4210 overall the black resistance line that has been showing this current 3 day down cycle is at 4120 tomorrow in order for that line to hold and therefore trend we have to see es close below 4120 open below 4120 and never break 4120 tonight or tomorrow i do not personally for see that happening there really isn t much to see on spy weekly but on the futures weekly you can see we also bounced off of the weekly 8 20ema which is trending right at 4118 overall if we were to see a close below that then that would be a very strong indication of downside to come if those two emas hold as support that s strong bullish case under spy i spoke about how a gravestone doji is usually a bullish reversal when we are in a down trend i highlighted on apple everytime we had a gravestone doji on apple daily and you can see almost all of them were followed by a fairly green day to be honest this apple daily candle closed in no mans land we are trading within that 1664 to 1675 area where due to the gaps and wicks there really hasn t been much price action at all to gauge sentiment we are nearing the first gap at 16582 with only 09 to go until that gap would be filled tomorrow if we break down overall mostly on apple i am going to keep a close eye on 1664 if we were to break down through that support then i would think that the upside for spy and apple is more limited this week and that we might either consolidate down here or just drill apple weekly shows that that 1664 level is a very key support that we should keep and eye on too apple and spy weekly still do have gaps on their charts the vix is very interesting here to say the least so after trading so long down at that 20 level we have now spent two days trading up here around 24 we do have the gap on the vix which i did mention in my video we have not had one since the june sell off and whenever we do have a vix gap we don t usually see it left for more then 2 or 3 days vix also is still rejecting breaking out of this 242 level this is where we continue to keep our eyes on tomorrow if we break out over 242 tomorrow and see 25 then the sell off is likely to come if we see vix settle down and we see it start pushing down to 2223 like it tried to intraday today the gap fill is coming this is one of those times where the vix actually would be helpful to watch 10 challenge despite the pretty much terrible chart we had on spy to trade today i had a good day i took 2 calls for a 10 profit i am not sure about you guys but tos has been really screwing me over lately when it comes to fills and orders so yesterday you guys know my limit sell skipped over and now today i opened that put at 95 and price hit 102 so i was up 8 i set a 2 trailing stop limit purposefully set it at 2 to limit slip well it triggered of course at 10 premium however tos didn t fill me till 94 of course im pissed off and contact them why i have nearly $1 of slippage on a contract like that when i was green and all they could tell me was that that s just how market orders work perhaps you should try a limit order never time to be honest i have been pretty much over tos tda crap lately and its only getting worse they truly don t care about their customers anymore but that s a discussion for another time overall a good day despite the fill issue looking forward to a possibly better trend or at least wider range day to get some better trades tomorrow too see you guys tomorrow youtube will be up later
every day at 10pm uk time this mess happens i hit stop loss and lose a lot of money what s going on audchf on etoro every day at 10 pm uk time exactly this mess happens a massive drop in price followed by a rebound a few minutes later the bidask is too large to take advantage of it and it seems not to change anyway but the problem is that i hit stop loss and it ends up closing the position at a loss for no reason what s going on by the way i ve seen this happen on other currencies as well
think loan forgiveness will cost taxpayers a lot the fed hold my beer $1t according to a policy brief by andrew levin and bill nelson qe4 will cost taxpayers nearly a $1t over the next decade andrew levin is a professor of monetary economics at dartmouth with numerous prior roles at the fed board bill nelson is a professor at georgetown and chief economist of the bank policy institute with an expertise in bank liquidity the amplereserves regime floor system of managing interbank lending of blasting banks with excess reserves seemingly worked fine during zirp however the expense to service all this excess liquidity is turning out to be incredibly costly where does the cost come from in order to service the massive liquidity created by qe4 the fed can only control interest rates with a floor system of providing extremely generous payments to banks via reserves iorb interest on reserve balances and the rrp facility aka reverse repos it is essentially a bribe to keep the federal funds rate from freefalling back to 0 or potentially even negative the result fed will operate at a loss for the first time in history and by suspending payments to the treasury it will cost taxpayers nearly $1t over the next decade money printing with qe involves buying bonds that eventually mature and sucks money back from circulation in some sense it is a loose metaphor currently the fed is actually printing dollars out of thin air with no oversight all of this done with zero warning of the magnitude of risks and zero approval by congress the beautiful part this doesn t even include the extra cost to taxpayers of higher rates being required to tame inflation and thereby increasing borrowing costs that are being artificially propped up the fed is not alone in this reckless irresponsibility this is happening to every major cb across the world tldr in 2023 the fed is creating a precedent that it can borrow unlimited funds from the american taxpayer with no set maturity or repayment date with zero warning to the public discussion of benefits vs costs or approval from congress edit what is the floor system it is a new way that the fed along with cb s around the world began managing interest rates during the gfc
stock market news from today 03022033 earnings best buy $bby eps of $261 vs $211 estimate rev of $1473b vs $1472b raises quarterly dividends to $092 from $088 sees fy24 eps $570$650 vs $671 estimate sees fy23 rev of $438b$452b vs $4573b estimate anheuserbusch $bud eps of $086 vs $070 estimate rev of $1467b vs $1537b estimate kroger $kr eps of $099 vs $089 estimate rev of $3482b vs $3491b estimate sees fy23 eps $445$460 vs $422 estimate same store sales rose 62 vs 49 estimate paused share repurchase program to prioritize deleveraging following proposed merger with albertsons macys $m eps of $188 vs $157 estimate rev of $826b vs $825b estimate sprouts farmers market $sfm eps of $042 vs $037 estimate rev of $158b vs $156b estimate td bank $td eps of $165 vs $161 estimate rev of $903b vs $912b estimate td agrees to pay $12b to settle r allen stanford ponzi litigation declared dividends of $096 per share costco wholesale $cost eps of $330 vs $321 estimate rev of $5424b vs $5554b estimate dell technologies $dell eps of $180 vs $164 estimate rev of $2504b vs $2348b estimate raises dividend from $033 to $037 sees q1 eps of $065$095 vs $125 estimate broadcom $avgo eps of $1033 vs $1011 estimate rev of $891b vs $890 estimate sees q2 rev of $87b vs $86 estimate nordstrom $jwn eps of $074 vs $066 estimate rev of $420b vs $434b estimate sees fy 23 eps of $180$220 vs $162 estimate victoria secret $vsco eps of $247 vs $234 estimate rev of $202b vs $202b estimate sees q1 eps of $030$060 vs $083 estimate hewlett packard enterprise $hpe eps of $063 vs $054 estimate rev of $780b vs $743b estimate other news ford f applies for patent that allows cars to selfrepossess crh crh shares soar as share buybacks increased to $3 billion the new inverse jim cramer etf is set to go live today and will trade under ticker sjim us labor market stays resilient q4 labor costs revised higher blackstone $bx defaults on $562m nordic propertybacked cmbs american airlines aal goes allin on a $15 billion debtcutting plan lowe s low invests $50m to address critical tradespeople worker shortage mortgage rates climb for a straight fourth week on sustained economic growth and continued inflation ford f to resume electric f150 production on march 13th new york increases the number of conditional adultuse retail dispensary liscenses to 300 from 150 tesla tsla to cut costs of nextgeneration vehicles in half with innovative manufacturing smaller factories
paramount para the cheapest stock in the market just coming on to share the mindbogglingly low valuation of paramount para consider the following 1 paramount possesses the fastest growing streaming offering in the market paramount 2 paramount owns cbs and has the rights to broadcast most nfl games as well as premier league soccer 3 paramount pictures has had a wildly successful year including the release of top gun maverick the 5th highest grossing film of all time despite this para shares are trading at an embarrassingly low valuation 1 priceearnings multiple of less than 8 2 approximately one third pricesales 3 less than half of book value paramount is definitely a company in transition but this valuation dislocation is borderline criminal on top of this beautiful stock sundae you get more than 6 in dividend yield just to hold the shares while you wait for the price to normalize and the short interest is just under 15 disclosure i currently own 20 para leaps with an expiration of january 20 2024
daily discussion thread for june 28 2022 read rules follow twitter and ig join discord see ban bets
september poots o calls tldr fuck if i know 34 of the previous weeks the market closed down last week was the first green week fed governors have all been hawkish with their statements no more fed speeches until their meeting 921 075 hike is highly likely and market pricing in 90 chance i m not sure if the fed is getting us ready for a bad cpi or just saying a good cpi isn t changing their rate path cpi predictions guessing 05 drop largely thanks to gas dropping canada eu both raised 075 last week 34 of the last cpi releases market dumped but mixed results after put to call ratios are high for this month especially around the fed meeting october 7th has a weird spike in puts to calls at 742 max pain guess market dips on fear monday dips a bit on cpi rallies through fed meeting to crush puts 075 it s priced in then dips all of october positions strictly missionary you heathens spy 916 $405 p bought friday at close closing monday or tuesday spy 930 $395 bought last thursdays probably going to paperhand these if i break even
disney is undervalued heading into the second half of 2022 as summer approaches the park will be a make up year for all those who couldn t get out the last few years in 2021 the walt disney company held assets worth a total of over 20361 billion us dollars this includes the rights to the ufc non ppv espn national geographic and so many more i think of all this the most important thing will be the rumors of how disney is moving forward a new rumor claims the top priority at disney that will affect marvel and star wars is to remove sjw employees as the top executives have realized that go woke go broke is not just a slogan if they can manage to cleanse the toxicity which they are now planning to do mixed with parks this summer teaching peak levels this company could easily reach $175200 this isn t even accounting for how brutal the market has been and the rebound i believe will happen sooner than later have a great weekend
esg is choking civilization to death i m of the opinion that people are becoming increasingly aware of how dangerous these policies are since i last posted this and am now gonna take a temperature read again from general perspective of this forum to see if sentiment is changing original post esg fallacies and their dangers esg policy is a fallacy and proving to be a very destructive one at that all modes of energy are interconnected and dependent on one another whether we like that fact or not they are all slices on the same pie the goal should be to utilize all forms in their respective slices not to get rid of them we have to use what we got and change the percentage size of each slice accordingly when it s possible to do so safely and effectively as nations we do not have a perfect world and oil and coal are used in countless ways and it s not going anywhere possibly ever the best that can be done with the less savory forms of energy is make better technologies to lessen their downsides and start incorporating better forms to take over when feasible nuclear is a phenomenal source of energy that i m deeply and i say again deeeeeply invested in and should take up most of the energy source pie in the future and i m confident this is happening but we need all of what we have in way of energy sources and to not get ahead of ourselves with political hyperbole sexy sounding sales pitches on utopian futures can get things into dark places both literally and figuratively when they lose touch with reality and the reality is we need all these forms of energy at the moment and to act like they can be discarded overnight is dangerously foolish also if nuclear isn t already the leader of the esg movement and discussion how legitimate are these policies and agendas anyway i m of the opinion esg policy and investing put us at the brink of a dark age for the past 5 years and i m now of the opinion that they have succeeded in pushing us into an energy dark age amongst other things edit i m positioned heavy in oil natural gas coal and uranium i would argue i m shorting esg investing in an abstract kind of way
netflix earnings report yolo 23k to 54k thank you martin
halt trading it is halt trading a thing for anybody out there my broker allows me to have a scanner for halted stocks both yesterday and today i conservatively bought and sold those stocks using stoploss and profit takers i m up about $250 for each day that s more than enough for me to live on anyone else delve into this world
how screwed am i nvda train stops right when i get on
sunrun s q2 net margin loss improved from 102 to 21 yoy while decreasing its current liabilities sunrun inc nsq run is engaged in the development installation and sale of photovoltaic solar energy generation systems and battery energy storage products primarily for residential customers the company was established in 2007 and is headquartered in san francisco california for its q2 sunrun reported $5846m in revenue and a net loss of $125m representing a net margin loss of 21 compared to last year s quarter the company increased revenue by 459 and reduced its net losses by 698 which was previously a net margin loss of 102 reflecting on 2021 sunrun eventually broke into a net profit for its q3 with a net income of $23m this represented a net margin of 55 regarding sunrun s liquidity margins looked to be easing and achieved new records in the short term the current assets and current liabilities can measure a company s ability to pay shortterm debt or obligations due within one year sunrun s liquidity percentage in q2 was 583 current liabilitiescurrent assets this compared to last year s quarter which was a cautious 80 despite cash levels having fallen from $680m to $522m over the last year total assets ramped up to a record $17 801m with their total liabilities increasing at a slower rate in comparison their longterm liquidity margin for q2 was 561 improving from last year s quarter of 601 despite total liabilities being higher
decompressing from disaster the correct way to cope with $bbby and any other loss focus on the simpler things in life that are free or close to it zero in on the things that will immediately catalyze positive influence in your life let it behave like a liquidity injection that will bring you back to life and ready to conquer the next week discover new music on your music app of choice something that either invigorates you or calms you if it doesn t bring you good energy or peace it does not make it onto your new playlist crush a 45 minute workout get your endorphins storming and flush out all the brain chemistry leaning you towards a depressed state of mind enjoy the discipline you set for yourself and then followed through on finally write down in list format the mistakes you made during this endeavor leaving room beneath each point to then also write down what you will do to correct or avoid this mistake in the future do not type it do not think it and let it drift off say it out loud and put pen to paper then read the final version back to yourself and put it on your refrigerator some of us have lost far more than others and everyone will deal with it differently this is just my suggestion for entering a positive feedback loop vs any of the plethora of negative options out there many are no doubt currently subjecting themselves to
online brokerage for eu citizens hello do you have any suggestions on which broker should i choose in the eu degiro sent me an email that they are closing their business for hungarians and i need to move my portfolio somewhere the brokers in hungary are too expensive i do not want to use them i was thinking on interactive brokers trading 212 i mainly do mid and longterm trades 36 months or 1 year i do not use options trading i am looking forward to your opinion and advice
starting next year you can pretend to save for college pocket the tax deductions and then roll it over into a roth ira in my state i get 20 back up to $1500 for money put into a 529 guaranteed 20 return every year then dump up 35k into an ira
i can almost daytrade with impunity it was a good week a combination of calls on nvda crypto miners and arm i sold most of it today so you re calls are safe
capital one financial corp cof a deep dive into potential bearish indicators hello fellow traders i ve been conducting an indepth analysis on capital one financial corporation cof and have stumbled upon several intriguing data points that seem to imply a potentially bearish trend here is what i ve pieced together 1 credit card debt exposure capital one s exposure to credit card debt is quite significant as of the end of 2022 they held $138 billion in credit card loans which accounted for around 44 of their total loan portfolio given this heavy exposure any uptick in defaults or borrowing costs could severely impact the company s stability in a hypothetical moderate recession there is a possibility that capital one s cet1 ratio may plummet and the company s balance sheet equity value could see a reduction by half or even more 2 us credit card debt trends credit card debt in the united states skyrocketed to an unprecedented $9306 billion in q4 of 2022 additionally there has been an increase in delinquencies with credit card annual percentage rates averaging near 20 and potentially rising further this development is worrisome particularly as consumers are increasingly reliant on credit to manage the soaring costs of basic necessities such as groceries and rent 3 congressional stock trading noteworthy trades involving cof by members of congress have been reported specifically representative french hill offloaded cof shares multiple times in may 2023 4 lobbying expenditure in the first quarter of 2023 capital one expended $630 000 on lobbying efforts chiefly on banking finance and tax matters this raises the question if they are seeking to sway legislation in an attempt to cushion potential risks 5 insider trading a trend has emerged of more cof shares being sold than purchased by insiders for instance on june 2 2023 mouadeb mark daniel sold 469 shares and on february 14 2023 blinde neal unloaded 8000 shares 6 legislative developments legislation such as the credit card competition act of 2022 have been introduced which could carry ramifications for the credit card industry and specifically for cof while these data points are far from conclusive they certainly raise some red flags i would love to hear your insights on this matter how do you interpret these data points do you believe that these factors could precipitate a bearish trajectory for cof and most importantly why isn t it bearish yet
food industry companies s profits will decline sharply with the new weightloss drugs becoming more popular and accessible mounjaro wegovy and ozempic are new weightloss drugs that really work for weight loss by basically reducing your appetite which means people eat less it seems also that these new weightloss drugs affect people s taste buds so companies may need to recreate their foods recipes to accomodates new people s taste as more and more people will take these drugs in the future for now they re pricey but probably governements will make these drugs more accessible to people since reducing obesity will cut a lot of health s costs and also increasing productivity also since more studies are linking maternal obesity to a decrease of cognitive functions in boys policymakers will be even more interested since it means that fighting obesity will also improve education outcomes and therefore job prospects for the men of the future the drop in food industry companies profits probably won t happen soon because these drugs aren t so accessible but i can see it starting to happen 5 years from now the food industry and weight loss industry are really going to be affected by these new drugs can t deny i m excited to see how things will develope edit at 412 pm cet 08 february 2023 the food industry that i think will be hit are the sugar and junk food industries the biggest food companies will thrive while the little ones will suffer the consumers decrease in appetite link between maternal obesity and decrase of iq scores in boys not in girls sources
partially filled loyalty cards from the local nugget shop are the best inflation hedge i can think of fill the card 56 of the way to a free order of nuggets wait 6 months for nuggets to reach $15korder get that last stamp and profit
economic growth is up because of the olds there s only one group of people with more money to spend propping up the economy and it sure isn t people who still work for a living or whatever the hell we all do that giant sucking sound you have been hearing for 40 years is the money supply going to exactly who you think it s going to but hey 49 gdp growth calls on whoever makes depends alaskan cruises and whoever makes those electric wheelchairs
news and stock scanners day traders what news and stonk scanners do you use i m at a loss for locating free stonk news in a timely manner i ve only tried the free sites and wondering if i have exhausted all that there is anyone have any good feedback same for stock scanners pre market ones too
recommended books saw a list on reddit but it seems a little old so i m curious what books you guys recommend to study someone recommended dynamic hedging by nassim taleb to me not to long ago and i have picked it up i m looking to take studying the market much more serious with more time available to me currently
nnox is a fraud and spoofed their arc day demonstration i have proof nanox imaging ltd $nnox is an israeli technology firm that claims to be developing a nextgeneration xray medical imaging system nanox s principal product is the nanoxarc a 3d tomosynthesis imaging device pending fda clearance in the coming weeks on november 16 2022 nanox hosted an arc day event at the company s headquarters in neve ilan israel video ofir koren general manager of the arc division at nanox vision outlined how the nanoxarc system operates to begin an image acquisition session the operator scans a qr code containing the patient s details into the nanox system and the patient s information appears for the operator to verify and confirm however if we use a complex piece of technology known as a qr reader we get the following notice any differences in the dates of birth now i may be a smooth brained regard but if you are revolutionizing the field and you need to spoof a demo where all you do is scan a qr code and pretend to scan a dummy then that might show a few red flags citron and muddy waters already issued reports on this company pointing out that a small company with former movie special effects directors on the board is unlikely to revolutionize a technical field with established mutibillion dollar players sound familiar they currently have several 510k fda clearances approval as a substantially similar device already on the market approval a company named theranos also achieved and even then it wasn t easy for them tldr nanox $nnox claims that it is developing a nextgeneration xray medical imaging system in november nanox hosted a live demo of their core product the nanoxarc which was an obvious spoof check the qr code yourself nnox is the next theranos position 10 puts 750 strike aug 2023
would uvxy be a good play if spx rallies to 3900 been doing a lot of thinking latley about my next plays if we get a market rally i ll likely sell out and move my funds over to uxvy and cross my fingers for a massive crash come jan during covid uxvy mooned and i feel we ll get a fast crash again after this last rally like we did with covid thoughts
my biggest day trading profit i went long micro sp future after the market broke lower and i kept buying the fear not today sellers profit $34 257 x200b
nvda yolo 300 shares and 5x 419 $550 calls bought these last week but forgot to post $195k all in nvda bears hate money but their mothers love us
$nvda nvda isn t stopping if you think you missed out buy otm calls and that will prove it to be wrong
oil tanker price explosion global oil tanker rates jolt higher on high fuel prices risk premium reuters oil tanker rates are soaring globally as traders scramble to cope with jitters over possible disruption in russian supplies as well as war risk premiums for ships plying the mediterranean region following moscow s invasion of ukraine shipowners are also grappling with higher fuel costs after oil prices soared nearly $2 per barrel on friday with brent back above $100 the global energy sector is concerned that europe and the united states may impose sanctions on russian exports and severely disrupt supplies sources were also worried that any additional widening in sanctions could render some russian oil and fuel supplies offlimits and trigger a scramble by fuel and oil traders to secure alternative supplies that could tie up vessels on trips to exporters outside the black sea region fuel tanker rates from the united states to europe jumped more than 8 on thursday surging to their highest level since may 2020 the cost of bunkering fuel at the world s largest bunkering hub singapore jumped 6 on thursday to $555 per tonne the highest since 2019 i m expecting quite a mess at the moment a singaporebased fuel trader said speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter the war risk premium is expected to increase also quite a lot of russian cargoes that are intended to load might be cancelled too rates for one trafigurachartered vessel carrying crude oil from houston to rotterdam the navig8 precision climbed about $200 000 to $19 million or world scale 150 compared with 135 earlier this week according to sources and shipping data rates for another vessel the pluto moon carrying crude oil from africa to the united kingdom have increased by 83 world scale points to $2 million top buyers of russian oil are struggling to secure credit guarantees at western banks or find ships to take crude oil from one of the world s largest producers at least three major buyers of russian oil were unable to open letters of credit from western banks to cover purchases on thursday four trading sources said citing market uncertainty after the russian invasionread more rates for very large crude carriers vlccs from the middle east to china asia s benchmark for crude freight rose 477 worldscale w to 3882w on friday a shipbroker said referring to points on the pricing index operated by the worldscale association that is used as an industry tool to calculate freight charges each vlcc can carry 2 million barrels of oil global oil and fuel tanker rates jolt higher after russia s invasion of ukraine shipowners are concerned about rising bunker fuel prices and have asked for higher freight rates while owners of midsized aframax tankers who have ships plying the mediterranean are worried about war risk premiums the broker added speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter activities in the east are quiet for now but we will know gradually how the freight market picks up further another shipbroker based in singapore said also speaking on condition of anonymity on the arab gulfjapan tc1 route for vessels that can carry about 75 00090 000 tonnes of clean products rates have climbed to 775 worldscale w compared with 75 last week he added the shipping index benchmark for longrange 1 lr1 vessels which can carry 55 000 tonnes of clean products from the middle east to japan also known as tc5 rose to 1025w as of friday up from 975w last week greece recommended all greek ships immediately leave ukraine and russia territorial waters in the black sea ship brokers and a senior greek maritime ministry official said thursday it could lower rates in regions where the ships move a shipping source said imperial i m p p register now for free unlimited access to reuterscom
nvda thanks all you bears nvda to the moon
microsoft s discounted free cash flow evaluation hello every one i am trying to learn to do fundamental analysis here some data wacc 381 weighted average cost of capital risk free rate 376 10 years us treasury return beta 094 average market return 987 30 years average stock market return growth rate of msft stock 212 average return of monthly return in 5 years average gdp growth rate 25 analysts consensus data here is the last three years free cash flows with next years ones calculated on 212 annual growth rate edit the 212 growth was calculated on the stock s monthly return over 5 years cause i dont know where to get historical data on free cash flow of the company cause yahoo finance only shows the last 3 years rip free cash flow projection with all those data i got a price per share of 12683$ a 50 drop from the current 24847$ i think i am mistaking something probably but i doublechecked all the data and the procedure so dunno what do you think about it do you have any kind of suggestions what is your preferred method of evaluating a stock please feel free to comment i like to learn edit how i calculated the average growth of the stock all data are taken from yahoo finance x200b x200b
spr as an investment idea discuss this company has been beaten down by shorts they make parts for boeing and airbus planes with inflation slowing input costs are finally coming down easy play for a gain and actually it s set up for a short squeeze 36 off exchange short volume if you believe in manufacturing in the us this is a solid company to look at especially at $35 it s been well above $100 before the pandemic
schw is next nearly all of schw s deposits are not stable like retail checking or savings accounts from their 10k the way they fund their loans and investments is give crappy 04 apy to cash sitting in brokerage accounts these get swept to schwab bank their other subsidiary and treated like deposits as we all have seen recently there is a massive depletion of deposits in the system lately due to mmfs exploding in popularity all it takes is that 04 cash to decide to buy stocks if there s a dip even cd s treasuries or their own mmf funds would deplete their deposit base cash in brokerage accounts isn t money that sits there for groceries and bills it s typically wealthier clients and extra cash that is quite mobile
how is amd pumping ah with that kind of finances i expected amd to pump today but not with those kind of numbers i guess these days a positive net income is good enough to pump can someone in their right mind take the reins of this bull and take it to the slaughterhouse i don t have calls or puts on amd i m just having a hard time understanding where these tech stocks are going nasdaq up over 11 in a january rug pull wen
semiconductors i ve seen the amd memes on the subreddit but i m pretty curious as why semis as an industry have continued to fall even in the most recent rally most of tech had really decent gains and significant standing but it seems that semiconductors at all levels and market caps remain really stagnant i can t think of a reason why they would be falling behind but at the same time i know a lot of those companies are in other countries and are hurt by a rising dollar but even then the dollar has been slowly decreasing for a decent amount of time wanted to hear you re thoughts i uploaded as a comment because i don t want to write an entire essay but feel free to discuss
why i m not playing logi earnings tonight logitech international logi is going to be reporting earning later today after market close the consensus eps estimate is 40 cents per share and the consensus revenue estimate is $92018m both these numbers suggest a significant decline year over year according to seeking alpha eps estimates have seen 0 upward revisions and 6 downward revisions over the last 3 months revenue estimates have seen 1 upward revision and 5 downward factors to consider so as of right now you re probably thinking of getting puts right well let s actually consider why this decline is happening logitech s fiscal fourthquarter earnings are likely to have been negatively impacted by the declining demand for personal computers pcs the main sales booster for its pc peripheral products per the latest international data corporation report worldwide pc shipments declined 29 year over year to 569 million units in the first quarter of 2023 in 2020 and 2021 logitech benefited from the elevated demand for its video collaboration keyboards combos and pointing device tools mainly driven by the heightening of workfromhome and learnfromhome trends due to the rise in popularity of esports and online video games during this time period the market for gaming products also experienced a sharp increase however the demand softened due to the reopening of economic and business activities in the most recent reported quarter the company saw a dramatic fall in sales across all of its product categories in the previous quarter revenues from the pointing devices pc webcams tablet and other accessories audio wearables keyboards combos video collaboration mobile speakers and gaming product categories plunged 138 492 214 337 219 212 325 and 165 respectively additionally enterprises are postponing their large it spending plans due to a weakening global economy amid ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical issues this may have hurt logitech s overall financial performance in the fiscal fourth quarter however reduced operating expenses are likely to have partially offset the negative impacts of the aforementioned factors on profitability so what to do for earnings considering all the factors above it seems like puts might be a nobrainer keep in mind the stock will drop only if the release is lower than expected and everyone is expecting very low numbers this being said since the stock is up 2 today puts are on a discount so it honestly wouldn t hurt to buy a spread just for fun however the option chain is very illiquid the volume on the 55 60p is only 29 so i won t be buying puts or calls or anything there s a lot of other earning plays i plan on posting so be sure to catch those tomorrow morning we have uber and pfe and later this week a couple more big ones keep in mind tho this is not financial or investment advice this post is just offering education based on what people tend to look for in a company to make an earnings prediction
afrm options like many companies afrm s offering was built on the premise of low rates for 15 years these companies were able to startup and operate in an environment conducive to their business plan good for them some of these companies had success and weee able to turn a profit good for them some like afrm made a run at profitability during 15 years of zero but didn t quite get there gone are the days of free money afrm couldn t turn a profit when the money was freeand they certainly won t survive in the today s rate environment
yologain degenerate gains swag new guy here been following my stock for 5 years went cock balls deep thanks macro economic dump my whole mother$ing pathetically small retirement account deep that s right i quit my shit ass job whiping ass pushing pharmaceutical drugs and sucking up covid19 for a living aka nursing why to get my hands on my 401k and become a degenerage gambler with you amazing yolo mf ers don t worry i m looking for an addiction counselor now but that shit comes after my personal investing so it s kinda on the back burner that s degenerate gambling and and fucking insane conviction no go ahead and one up me oh did i forget to mention i m well over 40yo and have a wife kid and inlaws to support yolo bitch ass gamblers yolo
market manipulation is heavy you can t win the market is so manipulated that is a lost cause like most of the west we all knew bitcoin would be fake pumped and here we are i will continue to hold and this doesn t account for the $50k i have made on put spreads the past 2 months
apple s cheapest iphone surges in popularity after upgrades article apple inc s basic iphone 15 model is taking almost twice as long for deliveries this year than its predecessor signaling high demand for the company s latest handsets in china apple s biggest overseas market wait times for the iphone 15 have quadrupled according to data from counterpoint research at the other end of the spectrum apple s toptier iphone 15 pro max also increased preorder waiting times to a record the researchers found significant upgrades to both models drove renewed demand though some of it came at the cost of apple s other options the 15 plus and 15 pro which both saw diminished wait times my position i opened a $85c for april of 2024 on tsm why tsm and not apple tsm is more beaten down apple is down 57 in the last 3 months while tsm is down more than 15 also apple has grown services so much later that the market does not react as it used to slowing iphone sales
revlon calls on goths if goths strip clubs and lipstick are the signs of a recession then i m diamond handing revlon until a buyout x200b info revlon inc $rev $606 shares outstanding 5454 m public float 776 m of float shorted 3754 allegedly x200b timeline revlon filed for bankruptcy shorts increased positions revlon secured a $375 m loan reliance industries is rumored to buyout revlon shorts currently experiencing buying pain a buyout could force a violent squeeze soon x200b important details public float is only 776 m float traded 24x today owners hold over 46m shares or 861305 of the available shares in revlon hasn t sold in over 20 years even during an alltime high of $56000 diamond balls price has ripped the past week increasing over 400 since loanbuyout rumors last week rev trading volume today 18623 m gme alltime singleday trading volume 197 m x200b tomorrow should be exciting again
who needs a job jobs report tomorrow morning thoughts it seems to me even if the data is disappointing but not as disappointing as expected it s a win digital participation trophies for all we suck again
picks for 20220627 how do i read this table imagine that ticker abc has 9037 in the pd137 column the way to read this table is as follows company abc has a 9037 probability to grow more than 137 within the next 7 trading days remember to trade responsibly these are all probabilities after all not certainties opportunities to go long tjx companies inc the tjx consumer cyclical apparel retail in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 83 17 return 2 59 41 return 3 7 13 return 4 4 21 return 5 2 23 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 22 medium risk tolerance 11 low risk tolerance 7 company stats revenue growth 131 earnings growth 0114 free cashflow yield 0016 52 week change 94 change from 52 week high 221 change from 52 week low 122 change from 200 day average 89 change from 50 day average 06 10 day average daily volume 7078760 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 27 genocea biosciences inc gnca healthcare biotechnology in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 41 9 return 2 71 29 return 3 59 41 return 4 23 27 return 5 7 13 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 21 medium risk tolerance 11 low risk tolerance 7 company stats revenue growth free cashflow yield 31946 52 week change 993 change from 52 week high 993 change from 52 week low 396 change from 200 day average 984 change from 50 day average 901 10 day average daily volume 3451014 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 923 the trade desk inc ttd technology softwareapplication in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 89 11 return 2 4 1 return 3 17 8 return 4 27 23 return 5 2 3 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 26 medium risk tolerance 13 low risk tolerance 9 company stats revenue growth 435 free cashflow yield 0017 52 week change 381 change from 52 week high 566 change from 52 week low 256 change from 200 day average 315 change from 50 day average 70 10 day average daily volume 6062970 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 161 opportunities to go short robinhood markets inc hood technology softwareinfrastructure in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 24 1 return 2 23 2 return 3 43 7 return 4 77 23 return 5 33 17 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 31 medium risk tolerance 15 low risk tolerance 10 company stats revenue growth 427 52 week change change from 52 week high 906 change from 52 week low 175 change from 200 day average 605 change from 50 day average 150 10 day average daily volume 25089970 asset liquidity risk very low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 1181 sundial growers inc sndl healthcare drug manufacturersspecialty generic in canada odds within the next 7 market days return 1 47 3 return 2 9 1 return 3 83 17 return 4 73 27 return 5 63 37 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 28 medium risk tolerance 15 low risk tolerance 10 company stats revenue growth 640 free cashflow yield 0018 52 week change change from 52 week high 618 change from 52 week low 345 change from 200 day average 313 change from 50 day average 74 10 day average daily volume 71139650 asset liquidity risk very low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 182 mind medicine mindmed inc mnmd healthcare biotechnology in canada odds within the next 7 market days return 1 22 3 return 2 81 19 return 3 18 7 return 4 31 19 return 5 13 12 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 25 medium risk tolerance 13 low risk tolerance 8 company stats revenue growth free cashflow yield 0028 52 week change change from 52 week high 822 change from 52 week low 101 change from 200 day average 528 change from 50 day average 155 10 day average daily volume 6514930 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 4497 eos energy enterprises inc eose industrials electrical equipment parts in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 93 7 return 2 22 3 return 3 41 9 return 4 18 7 return 5 19 14 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 28 medium risk tolerance 14 low risk tolerance 10 company stats revenue growth 15870 free cashflow yield 1141 52 week change change from 52 week high 928 change from 52 week low 430 change from 200 day average 770 change from 50 day average 218 10 day average daily volume 2343530 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 1175 kintara therapeutics inc ktra healthcare biotechnology in united states odds within the next 7 market days return 1 91 9 return 2 17 3 return 3 19 6 return 4 13 7 return 5 53 47 capital allocation the following percentages represent the portion of your equity balance that you could allocate in this trade depending on your risk tolerance assuming a 5 stop loss high risk tolerance 27 medium risk tolerance 14 low risk tolerance 9 company stats revenue growth free cashflow yield 0743 52 week change change from 52 week high 900 change from 52 week low 1021 change from 200 day average 474 change from 50 day average 283 10 day average daily volume 7971720 asset liquidity risk low pay attention of the askbid spread change from 10 day average daily volume 541
updated dd for zom estimated 152 million currently in cash for future acquisitions therefore no need for another offering minimum debt of 12 million this is 9995 lower than that of the healthcare sector and significantly higher than that of the drug manufacturersspecialty generic industry the total debt for all united states stocks is 9998 higher than that of the company improvement in revenue q4 2021 $74 845 with comprehensive loses of 127 million q1 2022 38 million up 38 from 2021 combined q2 2022 42 million up 51 from 2021 combined slow cash burn rate aapl has 17 billion shares outstanding so no need for any future votes on rs when we are very profitable two recent acquisitions and this will show up on q3 er 7378 gross margin aqha is proud to announce a new partnership with pulsevet device is the official shockwave therapy very knowledgeable leadership team larry heaton is very transparent and informative as well as investor friendly part 2 bill campell chief executive officer of revo squared stated we are excited to join the team at zomedica this deal will bring our microview product offering into the forefront of veterinary medicine for the first time clinicians will be able to have hematology and cytology slides automatically smeared and stained inside a microscope eliminating human error in slide preparation implementing microview in veterinary hospitals enhances diagnostics and reduces the wait time our pulsevet and truforma product sales are growing and we are adding revo2 and vetguardian products to the mix to fulfill customer demand for our expanding portfolio of products with sufficient production and efficient distribution we are committed to expanding our manufacturing capacity and capabilities said larry heaton zomedica s chief executive officer that is reflected in the new zomedica global manufacturing distribution center part 3 zomedica s product portfolio includes the truforma inclinic biosensor testing platform which offers the first and only felineoptimized tsh assay capable of measuring tsh concentrations below levels appropriate for canine diagnoses baw tech applications and sources zomedica is uplisted on nyse american and compliance is only $20 compliance is only $20
opinion the fed and major central banks are the main cause of the oncoming recession firstly the fed and major central banks are raising interest rates to combat inflation but raising interest rates to combat inflation only works when the problem is on the demand side of things due to covid and the russiaukraine war the cause of inflation is purely down to supply so effectively the fed raising interest rates will only have negative impacts on the economy without actually bringing down inflation on cue companies are starting to announce lay offs whereas before the rates started hiking the labour marke was tight and thriving the fed and other central banks raising rates have led organisations and consumers to believe hard times are ahead consequently businesses are cutting costs and consumers not spending as much central banks have very limited tools in terms of how to deal with inflation other than raising interest rates however due to the nature of this inflation it s pretty clear that this isn t going to work regardless central banks have decided to cause a recession by raising rates as opposed to letting inflation keep increasing but what is worse a recession where people lose their homes and their jobs due to central bank attitude to spending or a strong economy where the labour market is solid but we all have to pay a bit extra for every day things obviously none of the ideas is ideal but central banks are choosing the by far most destructive option in my opinion my question is why i d be keen to hear other people s thoughts
pltr and nhs data platforms politico london playbook reports that british mps are being urged to investigate and pause a 500 million contract to build a platform centralizing nhs patient data with a us tech firm pltr leading the race to win it a group of lawyers and doctors make the argument today in a report sent to mps the us data firm palantir is widely considered to be the frontrunner for the multiyear deal but it is controversial advocacy groups including foxglove which organized the report have long expressed concerns about privacy and are critical about the prospect of handing an nhs contract to an american company cofounded by donald trump ally peter thiel x200b
if you think sag will get what they re asking for short nflx i am in the industry fwiw hypothetically netflix nflx could be left in a rather precarious position should the screen actors guild sag emerge victorious from their prolonged clash and attain their soughtafter objectives the core issue that beckons our contemplation is the foreseen escalation in production costs a consequence of sag s potentially successful campaign for enhanced compensation and improved working conditions for thespian talents the heart of netflix s allure resides in its prolific creation of original content it s an arena where they have staked a substantial claim consistently wowing audiences with a diverse array of offerings however if sag s demands are met this narrative could alter significantly picture a scenario where the payout to writers significantly inflates and the benchmarks for working conditions become loftier the immediate consequence is an augmentation in production expenses that could spiral out of control now let s dissect the repercussions of these burgeoning costs margin squeeze a ballooning budget for content production is likely to exert immense pressure on netflix s profit margins as they strive to satiate the demands of both shareholders and contenthungry subscribers there might be a disconcerting erosion of profitability competitive stagnation in the intensely competitive arena of streaming where netflix faces a relentless barrage from amazon prime video disney hbo max and a host of other contenders a sudden surge in production costs could leave netflix lagging in the race to secure and retain subscribers they d be constrained in their ability to offer competitive pricing or to fund further innovative content this hits affects nflx disproportionately because streaming is their only business furthermore they rely on newlyproduced original content to a greater degree than other services quality conundrum netflix s brand has been inexorably tied to the quality of its original productions if sag s victory necessitates budgetary restraint the perilous question emerges can they sustain the caliber of content that has endeared them to subscribers worldwide a decline in quality could precipitate viewer dissatisfaction and attrition let us foster discourse and exchange perspectives for it is in the crucible of collective intellect that we may glean the most sagacious insights however heed this counsel consult a financial sage or undertake exhaustive research before embarking on any investment odyssey discuss
reddit ipo release soon cnbc just announced the reddit ipo remarks tldr reddit may moon because of wsb takeaways reddit states they are concerned that reddit groups such as wallstbets will inflate the stock when they ipo even if it doesn t relate to the fundamentals of the stock what are your thoughts
lqda falling off a cliff wtf happened to this shit 7k of gains evaporated so far today umartinshkreli any idea what s going on
cramer finally understands the low float despac play with 500k float $gety warns to stay away lol $gety up i brought this play up earlier this week but $gety is a recent despac getty images and has been on fire since the merger i first posted about this on a pullback to the $24 range so congrats to anyone that joined and is riding the next wave cramer covered it tonight on mad money and it appears he finally understands the low float despac play calling it a massive squeeze opportunity and referencing the minuscule 500k float he also warned viewers to stay away so you know what that means link of the video below
this pretty much spells everything i want to share this information with u guys if u have not already seen it then have a look
qqq gains held weekly s overnight 170 gain fuuuck im quitting my job its been a hell of a week
b of a bank just announced stop buying our stock in a bear market it s just gonna make it worse the recent recovery in stocks may be shortlived according to bank of america securities which sees a bear market setting in through 2022 and suggests that investors tilt to cash and commodities bofa laid out a witches brew of negative trends signals and data points in a note published thursday by chief investment strategist michael hartnett and his team if it walks like a bear it probably is they write more than 75 of stocks in the nasdaq composite and 51 of sp 500 stocks are already in a bear marketdown more than 20 from peak prices hartnett notes the outlook is worsening with geopolitical risks exacerbating potential for inflation higher commodity prices and shocks to growth negative real interest rates adjusted for inflation areanother ominous sign going back 250 years negative rates have been synonymous with crashes panics andwars he notes hartnett also calls out signs of cracking in retail and homebuilding pointing out that home depot hd stock is down 29 from its peak while builders such as toll brothers are off 38 the declines imply cracks in consumer spending which rarely happens outside recessions he notes and the federal reserve far from riding to the rescue with market stimulus is tightening the noose planning to raise rates and withdraw liquidity to try to quell inflation we re bearish hartnett writes adding that inflation shocks will ripple through to rate hikes and lower growth resulting in negative returns for corporate bonds and stocks in 2022
uk brokers no longer offering us etfs hello it s my first post on the platform and i am looking for some advice i have been using ig for trading us securities for quite some time didn t face any sig issues until yesterday when i found that you can t trade us etfs anymore because of some fsca rule that prevents retail investors from trading securities that do not provide kiids i wanted to buy sqqq having closed my position a few weeks ago and wanted to ride the volatility wagon again and to my surprise all my attempts kept getting rejected on enquiring i asked how that is possible when all the key fund related information fact sheets are provided on proshares website and the response i got back was that the document needs to be literally titled kiid to qualify i found this bizzare when all the kiid info is readily available in other documents which brings me to my questions has anyone faced a similar issue recently are there any retail friendly platforms in the uk that are super attractive for trading us securities and etfs super grateful for any help thanks
$bmbl agreed to pay $18m to shareholders to settle lawsuit over misleading during its spo in september 2021 bumble filed with the sec a registration statement for the company s spo the registration statement didn t forget to mention 17b likes over the course of 6 years and 42m monthly active users in q32020 but it did not include the following information 1 bumble had actually lost tens of thousands of paying users during the quarter 2 paying users had been more reluctant to sign up for the bumble app during 3q21 because of the recent price hike for paid services on the app 3 a number of paying users were leaving the badoo app due to problems arising from bumble s transition of its payment platform gradually the actual situation became public and the stock went from $60 in september 2021 to $35 in november 2021 to settle claims and avoid further litigation bumble is going to pay shareholders $18m in cash any investor who has traded $bmbl could be eligible for part of that money you can calculate the payout and file for compensation here also you can prepare the documents yourself and send them to the settlement administrator s address obviously 18m not gonna make up for investors losses but this kind of corporate misconduct needs to be regulated
statistical probabilities of cpi days i posted an article i wrote this weekend about the last 4 months of cpi data it actually gives a 75 odds of a bull run tomorrow and a 50 odds we see 15 green day tomorrow there is a 25 chance we see greater then 17 red day though yesterday had a 75 chance of being red and it did finish red the day of cpi has a 75 chance of finishing red and the day after cpi has a 75 chance of finishing red and a 100 chance of finishing redder than 13 if it s a red day 25 chance we finish 115 there is a 50 chance we go on a bull run vs a bear run for the two weeks after cpi is released so far that is proving to be beyond accurate as we are already opening at 15 right now so statistically we should see a dump tomorrow so the question would be do we buy puts at market close today or what do we do well lets look at the last 4 days of cpi data its actually interesting january 12th 027 1015am dump x200b february 10th 18 1030am dump x200b march 10th 045 dump at 1015 x200b april 12th 037 dump at 10am x200b x200b there is essentially a 100 chance we dump at 10151030am tomorrow now the one thing is that this cpi is the first time we will see the feds predicting a drop in cpi not a rise so perhaps we break this trend but if we cpi misses huge shes finna dip as you can see april cpi we rallied like crazy but i really relate us mostly to cpi release in march i will most likely be opening a small put play at market close tonight
sell $fb $fb is dying the world is slowly turning away from social media in general all the young people have stopped using it already and soon the boomers will get bored with the lack of content and constant barrage of scam add i have a good chunk of my portfolio in longterm puts you don t have to do that but please for your own sake stop buying $fb it s not a growth stock it s clearly been in decay for 3 months it went from $320 to $180 in just 6 weeks the boomers have bought it back up to $220 but it cant last with $fb s declining net income the ftc won t allow them to buy out anymore competitors they may have some room between themselves and the cliff still but make no mistake they are backed into a corner with no way out
eli5 credit sus switzerland can someone explain to me what tf is going on with this situation i have a decent understanding but my smooth brain is trying to grasp the entire concept
biden forgiving student loans will increase degens buying powerbuy bbby yo fellow degens have a hypothesis as to the ramifications of biden forgiveness of student loans for people that make less than 125k 1 let s be honest 99 of you on here makes less than 125k 2 what will you do with the forgiveness money plow it into fds i m sure 3 what investments will you plow it into bbby 4 how does bbby benefit all you degens are having kids cuz you were bored of covidbuy buy baby to the moon 5 shorts didn t cover and even more piled in tldr plow your forgiveness into bbby positions 10k shares bought at 1110 this morningwill buy more if dip
daily discussion thread for november 08 2023 join wsb s community voice chat every day from 830am to whenever check out our earnings thread and rules
keep your eyes peeled for uranium stocks guys prepare i predict that the next big speculative move will be on uranium watch closely ux futures and uranium related stocks ccj uec big buying volumes are already in but the bigger market ignores it in europe ecofreaks have established absurd energy politics and with the war in ucraine and a world which wants everything to be electric i do think that blackouts are not far away some of the most industrialised countries like germany are buying nuclear power from neighbour countries france however it has been already forecasted that this amount of energy could not be sufficient to meet the demand for both countries we are talking about middleage scenarios like regions without energy no way to pay with credit card cash only if supermarkets have energy it is highly discussed that during winter 2023 there will be blackouts in europe companies telling you how long you are allowed to use electricity making the whole smart working thin air when something common like electricity becomes scarce the only answer today which can account for massive energy ouput is nuclear i am not talking about your ridiculous shithole where you live i am talking about industries big scale transportation trains etc keep your eyes peeled on uranium and atomic energy related stocks timeframe 1224 months godspeed
panw treats me good got in when this baby received a hard beating after earning call and nancy agrees with me
fed bank and dtcc run these markets and how we can profit following their trends dtcc running markets dtcc runs these markets in this video i go through all the players in the market and study the system and infrastructure that decides who wins or who loses on all sides of the trade and what we can do as retail investors to come out on top not much art in this one so just the music is my own hope you enjoy
$ww hero or zero $ww is either going to die being remembered as an archaic brand of the 70s 80s 90s or live on as the future of weightloss being a drug dealer x200b $ww has so many similarities to many of the massive short squeezes of the past few years x200b high short interest 20 by some accounts check smart innovate new leadership after company they founded has been acquiredsimilar to ryan cohen check making tough decisions to return the brand to growthsequence acquisition may alienate many loyal members check trades at less than 1 revenues$890 mil market cap doing over $900 mil in revenue check folks out there think it is going bankrupthas $15 bil in debt check if ww fails to excute on its sequence acquisition and glp1 it can be a zero executes and this is $40 $50 $60 and for some cred x200b love the riskreward here x200b
gme doc in netflix any of y all watched the netflix documentary regarding gme
so i ve been buying high and selling low for 2 years now like you guys promote when will the robinhood turn green again maybe if someone else here has a negative account we can work something out where we merge accounts since 2 negatives make a positive we can both make out rich pm me if interested
hammer time bear trap set we got 2 gaps to be closed market is oversold at this point and the rate hike was 75 bps not 100 bps past few days of selling is a shake out rate hike was already baked in no surprises in the next 2 to 3 weeks we re blasting higher and if the bulls can close the gap at 4080 to 4108 and continue higher the bears are going to feel the squeeze we closed with a decent hammer and hopefully bulls have put in the bottom going into next week i m feeling a early santarally in sept ho ho hold full disclosure i went in like a mofo after fomc long intc amd and silver miner amd will be a quick swing trade intc is below it s covid lows and way oversold and i expect a rally to form back to $40 silver is a longer term play and waiting for the squeeze
find me a monthly chart where a stock has fully recovered in this cycle better than $meta x200b
30k in debt help you read that right fellas i went from making a cool 100k on gme to now being 30k in debt i have come to seek help looking for all and any advice on how to get out of this debt quickly i need a total degen play regards
i think isrg intuitive surgical will start tanking and so buying puts is my play please read there are only 2 fda apprvd surgical robots put s timeline late mid 20242026 i am correlating this with competitors release of their 20 version called luna more at very end of post pics and timeline my initial position starting slow looking for good deals but i bought jan 17th 2025 expiry pt of 9500 for 120 x200b im buyingbought $isrg puts only two surgical robots approved by the fda intuitive surgical $isrg enjoyed a literal monopoly for over two decades and just two years before pandemic worldwide pause a second ever contender was fda approved now it s post pandemic and it s on like donkey kong intuitive and another one that is super low market cap wsb bot won t let me post name without deleting my post due to it s market cap but it s interesting to note that despite it s small market cap it is completely debt free and has powerful investors board seat members like andrea biffi from sofar an italian pharma heavy weight now ma dmerger aquisitioned by an even larger pharma alfasigma the largest pharmaceutical company in italy so i wont name it but i believe this small market cap contender will eventually cause isrg to tumble and thus making isrg a juicy short within the next year it s close to 300 bucks right now so i m buying puts on isrg intuitive has super crappy technology vs recently fda approved competitor competitor of intuitive is less expensive and has re usable tools haptic feedback for surgeon eyetracking camera google cloud healthcare ai and nvidia partnership 1 more on google health care ai cloud colab competitor has had a formal collab since february of this year note what ashima gupta global director of healthcare for google ai cloud said back then 2 note what director said in today s 10923 press release to cnbc these are the workflows that the physicians and nurses live by day in and day out you can t be adding friction to it gupta told cnbc in an interview we are very cautious of that that we are respecting the surface they use that the workflow doesn t change but yet they get the power of this technology link to today s press release where quote is from other press release links that have googl up today note the hospitals that are part of googles first release for beta release are the same hospitals with senhances surgical robots mayo clinic and hackensak please note that the competitor is working to upload live video and picures and all kinds of datasets for ai and ai search for healthcare field competitor has senhances worldwide with over 10 000 procedures and like tesla s record driver data and add it to nueralink the same happens with each senhance that each surgeon drives and google nvidia competitor are getting all surgical dataset gold very likely google will pay senhance creators a royalty to competitor of isrg the fact is isrg is flatfooted and will get rocked by this collab when you see videos links below you will see hackensack and you will also see pic of mayo clinic pediatrics anouncement a little over two weeks ago see below for pics and links for further inforesearchdd intuitive surgical $isrg eye gauges the poor hospitals and surgeons by requiring them to buy new tools every 5th 10th 12th or max 18th surgical proceduredepending on the tool robotic tip yes you read that correct every 18th surgical procedure the bulk of their revenues comes from this obvious and unsustainable eye gauging vs competitor whose tools are able to be re used indefinitely for life of tool one surgical robot surgeon mentioned they had been using the same tools from the competitor for over 3 yearsplease googlei have links belowbut you can google for yourselves also if you like carlos mendoza herrera master surgeon from cedar sinai in chicago also google amit travedi hackensack medical hospital carlos mendoza herrera sinai chicago links below notice picturealso notice the open cockpit design of competitor vs isrg isrg surgical robot da vinci kills your peripheral view and forces you to hunch over and you lose your clear line of sight of operating table and staff your head needs to go inside a hole in the machine then you need to stare through two more holes while on senhance from competitor you keep a clear line of sight sit comfortably upright and maintain a clear line of sight on operating table and staff and stare a beautiful screen that s in front of you competitor to isrg currently has a formal google healthcare cloud agreement since february and another formal agreement with juggernaut nvidia anounced much more recentlysee pics below mayo clinic recently added the competitors surgical robot over da vinci becuase of all the aformentioned plus isrg does not have 3mm ports in other words 3mm is the literal size the robotic arms can cut to enter the thoracic cavity in order to operate and so after surgical procedure you don t have a foot long gaping wound stitched from which to heal from but literally a 3mm cut maybe like three 3mm cuts from which to heal from an inch is 25mm to give you an idea of how small that is and how fast post operative healing can be especially for tiny infants that are a month old that can t handle 8mm or 12mm cuts the smallest isrg has isrg will take years to get fda approval for a complete refresh to compete with an open cockpit design where the surgeon is upright looking at a screen also isrg will take years to get 3mm approved and field pre clinically tested things the competitor already has fda approved and in the market as the mayo clinic recently showed isrg in their monopolistic comfort rested on it s laurels technology never bothered or cared to refresh their tech and upgrade because they were the only game in town and never had to for over two decades so hospitals and doctors had to deal with what they $isrg gave them now they re caught flat footed a little deviation on what is laparoscopy and why robotic surgery is an evolution to that so the question i keep asking myself is why hasn t isrg come up with 3mm port and a better open cockpit design in 23 years of their monopoly because they ve never really needed to improve their lower tier tech because there literally was no other alternative than them this led to massive abuse on their part more on that below lawsuits and unhappy hospitals and medical centers all robotic surgery crux is a minimally invasive surgery from smaller wounds you can heal from so your up and running faster with less pain and can return to work family your routine in a much shorter time span than from an open surgery that leaves a massive wound maybe a foot long that cuts through muscle tendons perhaps bones please see video links below for more explanation on this they are short videos like 25 minutes long laparoscopy was the manual way of minimally invasive surgery meaning an endoscopic camera gets placed inside your body through a small incision and two tiny arms that are controlled manually obviously this is a challenging form of surgery but under skilled surgeons extremely successful with robotic surgery you have the steady hand tremor free you re able to sit down through out the process and lessen the fatigue of hours long surgeries ergo more successful and safer surgeries perhaps one after the other plus software like no fly zones where the robot arm cannot extend and injure or maim a certain organ accidentallysomething not avail with manual laparascopy something isrg does not have but senhance does see lawsuits link below also measuring distances between organs etc can be done with software vs inserting a phsyical sterilized ruler which was the way it was done before manually without the roboticsbut still done with isrg also articulated instruments inside the abdomen add more dexterity with robotic surgical systems these are the advantages of robotic surgeriy over manual minimally invasive laparoscopic surgeries so robotic surgery is a level above manual laparascopy manaual laparascopy was a level up from traditional open surgery x200b x200b x200b x200b x200b x200b x200b x200b isrg tries to scrub their lawsuits on the internet but no die several still to find hospitals fighting isrg monopoly here s an excerpt from above link of the monopolistic bully tactics isrg has used throughout the years to maintain their monopolistic revenues when you have had zero competition any enterprise will earn substantial revenues in a market with zero competition especially for over two decades excerpt these are real lawsuits driving the news in one allegation a hospital says intuitive surgical remotely shut down a hospital s surgical robot in the middle of a procedure which forced the surgeon to convert the procedure to open surgery with the patient on the operating table after the hospital said it was considering a service contract with a third party lawsuits many of the most recent da vinci settlements have come from malpractice suits against surgeons for example in 2021 a 56yearyear old man received a $700 000 settlement after he sued his surgeon for cutting a hepatic duct during a da vinciassisted gallbladder procedure looks like this surgeon could have benefited from the no fly zone software senhance has to avoid robot arms accidentally harming interior organs during operation that isrg lacks hospitals in japan and germany and usanow the mayo clinic as of last week using senhance over da vinci why didn t the mayo clinic simply get another da vinci for their pediatrics because da vinci lacks 3mm ports for small infants and children senhance has had recent pediatric fda approval example cost saving for hospitals and medical centerssenhance $4170da vinci $7675 4 same surgery surgeons that use senhance 1 amit trivedi 1 master surgeon carlo s sandoval herrera 2 youtube links a live german symposium with a live senhance surgery happening in the backgroudn that doctors discuss i suggest you watch it and tun on cc and choose your preffered language also please watch this video and pay special attention what this surgeon says at 30second time stamp of two minute video 3 free to see watch what other american surgeons have to say of senhance vs da vinciamit trivedi hackansack new jersey hospital 4 carlos herrera sandoval from sinai chicago hospital master surgeon carlos herrera sandoval how the mayo clinic explains the benefits of a robotic surgery before they went with senhance last week note the same hospital where carlos works at but this is another doctor listen very carefully how this surgeons discribes the ports and the how he uses his fingers to help the view understand just what he is talking about luna is the 20 from competitor and will deal the final blow based on latest cantor fitzgerald healthcare expo about a week ago coo mentioned they had a clear 510 clearance for luna the 20 iteration to senhance please note competitor has an excellent track record in getting fda approvals 3mm port pediatrics jnj stryker titan medical ge have all tried with their massive market caps and resources to get their robots fda approved to compete in this juicy market and only one has been able to do it so this competitor with a lower market cap is a strong contender with strong alliances that make it a massive sledge hammer for isrg i highly suggest you watch the fireside between cantor fitzgerald and coo of competitor and how they talk about their essentially secured 510k basically an upgrade to an already open cockpit design vs how other competitors from europe have been rejected to watch fireside chat between competitor and cantor go to competitor website and go under events go to competitors website and click on investors and then presentations and events it will be the latest top event date sept 26 2023 cantor global healthcare conference watch timestamp 2237 entire video is like 24 minutes long x200b x200b timeline for luna commercial availability under an assured 510k from fda x200b i do think it $isrg will tank so that s why i m posting on why i believe isrg will bite the dust soon enough and letting you guys know about it it s a big thick juicy short over 200 hundred bucks close to 300 bucks a share and short puts are relatively inexpensive right now not too inexpensive but still inexpensive in my book very manageable price my view is it took tesla 17 years to become profitable in a multi competitor arena there were several cars people could choose from here there s only two in the entire vast market of surgeries which all will be moving in some way shape or form to digitized robotics so either isrg stops resting on it s monopolistic laurels or gets taken to the barn out back and shot like ford gm chryslerstellantis has by tesla another fun fact toyota it took them 26 years to become profitable my point this is literally a two man market competitor and isrg and one is lagging with tech and customer satisfaction and treatment while the other is excelling i ll be editing the post as time goes by with any further news or updates i hope you guys pitch in too in the comments x200b 10 000 plus procedures have been performed worldwide by senhances google it link has bot term but here is the pic x200b update to post news today 101123 for california state right to repari your own equipment seems pretty broad and looking like it could cover da vinci machines meaning isrg cannot force out a third party maintenance repair which is more hits to their monopolistic bottom line more here
sorry that was me buying nvda calls at 1030 every time
don t question the validity of the cpi cramer purchase inverse stick with profitable recessionproof stocks to avoid a crisis jim cramer says published thu jun 9 2022617 pm edt updated thu jun 9 2022817 pm edt krystal hur key points cnbc s jim cramer reminded investors to own profitable recessionproof stocks rather than conceptual ones after major tech stocks tumbled on thursday if you own the tangible stocks i ve been highlighting you have an opportunity to buy more into weakness the mad money host said hopefully you will never again question the cpi cramer purchase inverse
i want to start investing i m a university student and will be getting a summer job in the united states which will give me 2k after expenses but rn i want to invest 100 into something how do i start of investing i want something stable and long term what trading app should i get and what youtubers or information sites should i start off looking at for general information on this world of investing
panw call for 320$ 0315 i am doing it cause of nancy and how united healthcare got a cyberattack yesterday so i am thinking all cybersecurity stocks will increase for next 2 weeks and panw should go back to 350 by that time i am still very new so can someone reassure me that i am not stupid also can t afford the long term call for 0117 2025 so this is where i m at
fed is lying next rate hike i think jerome powel is bluffing about his last rate hike in november or december why first we are heading into a recession and the unemployment rate is beginning to go up more rate hikes could damage a little bit more the economy with the lag effect there is always a delay second maybe this last rate hike is already priced in by the market and that would mean if he s hiking one last time markets could sore because that would mean powel is done the fight with inflation is over the fed does not want the market soaring he needs to keep a restrictive psychology so i think there will be no more rate hikes this year and will be forced to cut in 2024 as a recession starts to degrade the economy
why shouldn t you buy puts on bbby it has had an insane week to say the least but it s going bankrupt right so would buying puts 23 months out be a stupid idea or a smart one like all of the other meme stocks come back to earth at some point it
need helpfavor from you hello guysgirls of wallstreetbets i need some helpanswers from you i have some money on the side and i would like to earn some more until the end of this month or the next one now the questions are whats the best mobile app broker in europe and where should i invest so it can be a safer option to make some money for now luck is not on my side and i need safer decision bonus question is there any way that some of you could help me go trough all the basics and after that advenced ways of how to invest money and how to earn more thanks in advance to everyone and i wish you the best with your future and present trades
etrade fucked me out of buying bbby this morning i woke up this morning 20 minutes before open ready to liquidate my other sideways and slightly up and down positions to all in on bbby when i log into my account i see a notice that i ve been margin called and need to deposit 21k i ve never bought anything on margin ever i call up etrade and they explain that somehow a large portion of my gme shares were converted to a cash holding which caused the margin calleven though i bought these gme shares over a year ago before i even had a margin account they look into it and explain it will be fixed soon i ask them if it s okay to go ahead and trade or will this cause an issue i ve never been margin called before so not sure wtf it entails besides pay us our damn money and he tells me not at all we wouldn t keep ya from trading so the market opens i liquidate and i go to buy around 60k of bbby at around 1625 low and behold despite having just sold everything i m told i don t have enough in my account call etrade back up and after waiting on hold i get some clueless dude who transfers me to an expert the entire 20 minutes i m on hold i m just watching bbby bounce of 18 crying a little inside dude gets on the phone and basically tells me i m sol until they clear up the margin call ask to speak to his manager to see if we can expedite it he says sure20 more minutes on hold and the line drops i go to call back and i see the margin call is finally gone but bbby was already at $21i mean i still bought but it killed me inside knowing that i got screwed bc of some random fuck up on their end anyways end of rant no idea what flair to use for whining like a bitch and hating on etrade so i just used discussion
700 to 7k sold all my position at the top thank god
daily discussion thread for june 16 2023 come hang out with us on the new wallstreetbets discord check out our earnings thread and rules
do you enjoy maths and numbers or just trading recently read the anthology of balaji and he speaks of taking maths textbooks to coffee shops and likens the experience to weight lifting and meditation what maths can you practice that makes thinking about tradinginvesting slickerfaster i like practicing with problems eg probability and percentages but what else math studying helped you as a traderinvestor
you guys are literally pumping and dumping bbby yourselves seriously the posts here about people saying it s on a sale i m buying more tomorrow do you really think all the people commenting that are actually following through or do you think they just say that and then other people see it feel good and upvote how is it possible that people still have enough cash on hand to continue buying we are all idiot gamblers no one can dollarcostaverage for longer than a week because we all know we can t hold back from throwing it all in asap so then you read these lies from people and finally get some kahunas to jump in only for a 10 minute 30 jump wherein the older bagholders get to transfer you their crap bags this isn t a gme this is just a new religion at this point
us weekly jobless claims grind lower amid tight labor market the number of americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits edged down last week as labor market conditions remained tight though some slowing is emerging initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 2 000 to a seasonally adjusted 229 000 for the week ended june 18 the labor department said on thursday economists polled by reuters had forecast 227 000 applications for the latest week the overall labor market however remains tight there were 114 million job openings at the end of april with nearly two openings for every unemployed person economists say claims would need to rise above 250 000 to help bring labor demand and supply back into balance to tame wage inflation x200b read more
the over glorified tech guy elon musk i believe elon musk is one over glorified guy that happened to had been bailed out by the us gov when his project was going down in addition accumulating massive audience on twitter things started to go up his head he is definitely a master of mass manipulation and psychology but took one wrong turn by buying twitter which is the most crappiest transaction in the history of trades tesla s fundamentals haven t changed it s still intact however and unfortunately elon may have lost his marbles by playing childish meme posting over twitter which hurt tesla stock in return i think this prick needs to focus on tesla rather than posting meaningless shit over twitter
lost on $smci shorted all day long still holding short $19k loss thus far
anyone buy the dis dip today bought 10 calls for 616 $95 strike at time of posting this they re down 12 $286 i think the selloff was unwarranted and it will run back up to $98 range by then anyone else think similarly
why does every stock i pick instantly lose money i am very new to investing and only invest in regular stocks and etfs but so far every time i buy shares of something it instantly tanks any advice on how to better research companies for good ones to invest in
are we about to see massive debt default sorry this isn t funny curious what people here think are we about to enter an age of massive debt default we ve got these massive labor shortages but i don t know how people have been surviving for a year or more is everybody living on credit cards are we going to see massive consumer defaults and bankruptcy when those credit lines run out i see credit usage is way up but not enough to support a whole society staying home so maybe i m missing something if we are about to enter a period of massive debt default is there a way to invest to take advantage of that
why starbucks is losing to luckin coffee in china and why this likely won t change with luckin s 2nd quarter earnings report it s impactful partnership with moutai and soon with victoria secret luckin coffee is making headlines for all the right reasons yesterday s cnbc headline how luckin coffee overtook starbucks as the largest coffee chain in china is turning even more heads as unbiased investors looking for opportunities it s worth trying to understand where starbucks lost ground and why luckin is succeeding starbucks has numerous disadvantages in china starbucks stores are largely in hightier cities so when covid struck and these cities were being shut down so too were more starbucks while luckin coffee does have stores in hightier cities they ve largely targeted lowertier cities major problem for starbucks prior to covid starbucks didn t have a well developed app for order and delivery luckin already did so while starbucks was playing catchup luckin was expanding and building market share major problem for starbucks starbucks stores are larger and designed to have a 3rd space luckin stores are small and efficiently designed for pickup and delivery so not only is starbucks paying more for their realestate but it costs more money and time to create a new store in other words starbucks can t keep up with luckin s growth both in speed and the cost of development major problem for starbucks luckin s selection of drinks cater more to chinese tastes luckin is vertically integrated in china so they can reduce their prices and still profit starbucks is seen as a luxury brand so they can t reduce their prices too much without losing their identity as a luxury brand over a year ago luckin passed starbucks in store count now they ve passed them in revenue what can t be forgotten is china s unique marketplace for coffee it is literally the fastest growing coffee market in the world in starbucks entire history they have never opened the number of stores luckin has in one year even globally this isn t a knock on starbucks they deserve a great deal of credit for helping to develop the global coffee market but the western coffee market is a mature one and slow growing meanwhile in china things are just getting started some of what i ve listed above starbucks might be able to fix but not all of it going forward i believe starbucks will continue to lose market share to luckin coffee making luckin the better investment for investors
mara to the moon with bitcoin 20242025 where do you think mara will go in 20242025 the spot bitcoin etf is likely to get approved january 10th will it go moon there are calls to the $125 mara went to $83 last having when bitcoin was $68 000 with correlation what do you think the price mara will be with bitcoins halving peak institutions seem to be using mara to get their coins for the spot etf such as blackrock blackrock owns 5 and vanguard owns a large percentage mara mara is also crushing all the other miners in production over 1000 every month i saw a few mara yolo post and think there is a lot more price action to go what s your thoughts and price prediction
house music as an economic signal back in the 2008 recession there was a surge in house music production with many pop songs heading toward faster bpms this tempo acceleration is actually decently documented showing that during times of economic hardship the average bpm of popular music tends to increase during our last recession this was exemplified by artists like the black eyed peas lady gaga rihanna nicki minaj etc now it would seem we are headed in a similar direction given the discoheavy influences of a ton of current pop music think dua lipa the weeknd and doja cat most recently beyonce s new track and drake s new album both artists have been able to stay in the charts for decades and just so happened to release househeavy tracks within the past month that s not to say we are definitely in for a long recession but i think it s fun to think about what do y all think
what stocks are you betting against that you can t understand why they are going up so right now i have puts on snapchat their two heads of sales left for netflix a few weeks ago and their revenues were already down however apparently firing 2 000 employees coupled with this is a good sign and they keep going higher would love to hear some other folks head scratchers and before anyone says we re being conspiracy minded this is literally what buffet does when he s looking for value it s just the inverse
cryptocurrencies are not securities securities either represent an ownership stake or can be viewed as iou receipts where the issuer promises to repay a debt or some hybrid form of both cryptocurrencies are neither and do not fall under the definition of security even if they are often used by issuers to raise capital to support the operations of the project or business on secondary and tertiary markets chuck e cheese sales tokens with an image of the mouse these tokens are meant to be used in chuck e cheese and are compatible with its arcade only ie one cannot use them at other arcades however if someone wants to trade them in exchange for another arcade s tokens dollars stamps or marbles it is their business and does not make chuck e cheese tokens a security as they do not represent an ownership stake in chuck e cheese or debt must be repaid by chuck e cheese to their holders
llc c or s corp for trading hey everyone im in the beginning process of starting a trading fund ive build many financial security algos and have the ability to raise capital from institutional sources any intel on what kind of corporation to file under i know i want mtm475 status for the tax benefit thanks
us to the literal moon lunr successful landing on the south pole of the moon yesterday first us landing in 50 years private company used spacex launch and carried nasa equipment pt upgraded
jpm tactical derivatives strategy summary allykmx play equity downside as auto lending slows jpm recommending put spreads on ally kmx to exploit trends in auto lending ally buy put spread on weakening auto trends likely higher credit reserves the strategy ally feb17th $22 $25 strike put spread at $060 22 premium vs $2706 reference price analysts highlight continued normalization of used car values into 2023 nearterm headwinds with credit from artificially low chargeoff rates moderating demand from increased interest rates the rationale jpm consumer finance analyst shane team rate ally as neutral with a dec2023 pt of $27 auto focused lending business could see declines from weakness in q4 22 trends auto delinquencies defaults repos losses all typically increase during recessionary periods current used car values per manheim index indicate multiyear highs suggesting further normalization in 2023 additionally increased rates may fundamentally lessen the demand for new auto loans leases while ratehedging activities may not fully offset adverse effects on financials ie cost of funding may rise wo fully offsetting interest finance charge income ally relies on abs market to securitize its auto loan origination poor liquidity in capital markets could influence profitability of its lending business after falling over 46 in 2022 ally has risen nearly 107 ytd outperforming both spx kbw bank index despite stock s recent move higher jpm s team expects credit reserves net chargeoffs to increase in 23 normalizing from artificially low levels this could drive estimates lower limit upside in the stock strikes of 22 25 correspond to 065x 075x pricetobook ratios levels where the stock trades historically wdepressed valuations when dealing wslower demand higher credit expenses strategy considerations ally s 1m implied volatility skew looks attractive compared to trading levels across the last 1y 3y horizon as the atm90 volatility spread trades below the 8th ile the 9th ile for those periods respectively ally s options implied earnings move of 41 appears inline compared to the average of 42 over the last 2 years its q4 22 earnings report is confirmed for jan 20th kmx buy feb put spread after stock rebounds ytd used auto values expected to weaken driving loan losses the strategy kmx feb17th $55 $60 put spread at $100 15 premium vs $6500 reference price jpm analysts have recently downgraded the stock to underweight earnings expected in apr 2023 its 1m implied volatility looks inexpensive to realizedvolatility and lateral results commentary about autolending trends from financial firms could provide readthroughs downside catalysts for the stock the rationale in nov 2022 jpm highlighted a downside options strategy upon downgrade to neutral at that time driven by a reduction of eps estimates after retesting 1year low for the stock nearing $57share by december kmx shares have rallied 68 ytd outperforming the broader market after seeing the potential for higherthanexpected credit expenses at its autofinance segment from declining auto residual values jpm downgraded to underweight wa dec2023 pt of $60 declines expected due to higher credit chargeoffs compressing margins eps multiples strategy considerations kmx s 1m implied volatility looks attractive to realizedvolatility as that spread trades below the 23rd ile below the 20th ile over the last 1 3 years respectively this put spread strategy delivers a 50x payoff on premium paid at expiry while the risk of loss is limited to the 15 premium paid x200b as they say take wa grain of salt for all we know jpm s trading desk needs to sell vol buy put skew
should i do long options with all this volatility i ve seen some good option availability for long term i was thinking a few months at least so that i could still sell and make a profit if it gets close to the price i m looking at any thoughts should i go into options even if i did i d just get my feet wet put ha ha pun a little money on it but not much i ve been invested in leveraged etfs but options look attractive but they are risky and i don t want to get sucked into a losing spiral
panw small gain porn sold for 30$
20230413 wrinkle brain plays in the style of cookie monster tickers of interest tldr gamma max cross wm 0519 165p for $325 or less crsr 0519 175p for $080 or less bmo 0519 90p for $240 or less delta neutral cross amzn 0519 100c for $385 or less snap 0519 11c for $085 or less mu 0519 60p for $185 or less roku 0519 65c for $435 or less amat 0519 115c for $485 or less trading thesis why these crayons yummier me in cookie monster mode here to tell you why these crayons taste better technical analysis and indicatorbased trading like cookie recipe use past yumminess to predict future deliciousness this analysis based on current option open interest it calculates portfoliolevel greeks like delta and gamma once we got those greeks we can simulate changes at different price points then we find price levels where portfoliolevel gamma is highest and delta close to 0 for some tickers underlying price reacts strongly off delta neutral gamma max or both like cookie monster to cookies we use past reactions to drive trading signals like cookie cravings drive cookie consumption plays and target entry prices calculated using binomial option pricing model reflecting expected size and duration of reaction from gamma max or delta neutral many plays profitable by underlying moves in stock best plays benefit from directional move and increase in iv notes new wrinkles for your cookie brain if price moved past entry price be careful something changed between play generation and market open sell half position on double and freeroll rest to exit at your discretion me risk up to 1 of total capital on trades if conviction lower me allocate 05 or 025 and dollar cost average in trades calculated before market open based on info up to yesterday keep in mind when entering after the fact new price movement may invalidate original thesis faq because others already asked mostly puts are you a gay bear no companies had recent runup maybe overextended trades mostly meanreversion toward or away from important price level are you entering all these plays no me opened up bag of tools wider to point out more plays with probable edge to help apes find more gain porn pick ones you like and get that gain porn mentioned new play on same ticker in past what does that mean new play replaces old play old play likely invalid don t chase price new play reflects new day s data where are crayons me only see words click links above have you backtested this yes results show moderate sharpe ratio 176 with expected win rate of 63 of trades 7 margin of error what is historical performance realized sharpe ratio is 185 with 68 win rate based on trade performance 95 chance expected win rate between 63 and 75 stats as of 20230331
could high inflation cause a creditfreeze banks around the world have to deal with very inflation they have to lend money for basically negativ interest rates which means lending makes them lose money to make money they have to lend for higher interestrates but this causes another problem who can afford to borrow for such high interestrates i guess only few but with decreasing inflows of repayments decreasing values of their collaterals and increasing defaults how will the creditmarket react if the creditmarket becomes aware of these risks fear could cascade and freeze up the creditmarket causing a big sell off in stocks and others stores of value just so the credit market stays liquide what do you think
i ve said this during the last $gme runup and i ll say it again diamond hands win don t be coke rat cramer and settle for a home run remember his jan 2021 tv rant about apes you gotto win the game we are in the last inning this time same goes for $bbby do not be a paper hand bitch show me your fucking diamond hands positions xxx $gme holder some physical silver and gold
buy the bad news sell the good news just added 3000 bbby some one posted this few days ago i can t remember the user i try to find his post later that make a lot more sense regsho t13 on september 2
apple and chipset firm valuations like we all saw how apple grew over the years and same as with chipset companies like nvidia tsmc or asml but they grew a lot after covid do you think their valuations are high or there is still room to grow more in 10 years and why
puts on norfolk nsc i m gonna keep this short i want people s opinions on buying puts on norfolk southern corp i see no way that they make it out of this disaster in the short term without paying massive amounts of money to the communities that surround the spill are any of you guys buying up puts
the benefit of loss porn i let smci beat the out of me this week in two days you know the story it always falls on friday for a sell of none wants to park their money there over the weekend when my options were down 50 instead of pulling out i doubled down hoping to make up on a reversal plenty of chances to pull out and salvage some of my account didn t do it i wanted double up and win it all back when it came down it never came down i was pretty bummed about it especially with my b day coming up tomorrow but then i saw a guy lost 30k and another down 100k compared to that my 3k loss is a drop in a bucket time to work some extra shifts and start another account but stick to my rules instead of leveraging my whole account on one trade anyway just wanted to say that this has been a humbling experience i built this account up to $3k from $250 and i know i can do that again with better discipline also shout out to the guys in wsb discord for sound advice even if i don t always listen and have to learn the hard way see you guys in a couple weeks
daily discussion thread for december 06 2023 join wsb s community voice chat every day from 830am to whenever check out our earnings thread and rules
ebs flying after narcan news 190 vote in favor of making narcan over the counter for those who don t know narcan basically brings you back from the dead after an overdose it s already popped yesterday with the ah news but still well under the 52 week high of 4514 about 13 short about 50m shares outstanding fda will vote by the end of next month i m in
city of vienna blows 10 billion in option speculation statement by the finance ministry original german translated
election year stonk trends this is very interesting
multicorp international inc $mcic multicorp international inc $mcic lots of chatter on twitter and ihub on $mcic mergingacquiring a tech company called the head office address of brahmarsk was changed to multicorp s office
$spy $365$370 bottom algos are shorting the living shit out of the spy in the photo above you can see this on the empty whick with massive downside but wait there s more mm s are legit failing to deliver then naked short ladder attacking the spy once the spy gets to $365$370 we will rally like never before i ll be yoloing deep otm spy calls fuck my parents it s my money and sending an apartmentyoloing an audi rs3 why $365$370 1 empty whick with downside to $365 2 mm s failed to deliver 3 math for retards below spy pre covid crash $339 spy post covid crash $228 339228 111 spy ath $480$111 $369 and don t ask about percent changes same thing as dollar incruments this is a axeman dd see you retards at the bottom
$bbby the big picture hold the line x200b more volume more ups and downs don t be afraid see the big picture hold the line
new york community bank under the bus who is next so nycb since january 2024 has been a rollercoaster going downhill and now the ceo abruptly left and the stock tanked after material weaknesses have been found questiondiscussion it seems this is tied to commercial loans exposure and who is next in your opinion and why i am willing to short some of these regional lenders cuz folks won t keep their money s in those banks well i would not
what is the chance elon buys 51 within the next few months elon won t be taking twitter private yet this board is scared of him they dropped the poison pill they will do everything they can to avoid a shareholder vote even with a vote elon will likely not garner enough support so is he going to quietly become a 51 shareholder
someone fat fingered the backup switch at the nyse tuesday halts massive moves caused by human error the new york stock exchange was forced to halt more than 200 stocks in early trading tuesday in what was previously said to be a technical error as it turns out someone just fat fingered a switch the chaos has been traced back to an employee who accidentally left a backup system running at the nyse the backup system is supposed to be shut off and then turned back on regularly but an employee accidentally failed to shut down the system prior to the open are you serious lol source we re only human wicked market swings flurry of halts caused by nyse employee error
stormy waters technical analysis reveals bearish patterns in the banking sector impact of the banking crisis recession fears high valuations and interest rate hikes on banks price action the banking sector is currently facing a number of challenges including the risk of recession high valuations interest rate hikes and fears of inflation these challenges are reflected in the price action of many banks which are currently expressing bearish patterns technical analysis of multiple banks reveals that many are currently presenting bearish patterns such as head and shoulders double tops and ascending channels the stock market is a device to transfer money from the impatient to the patient warren buffett a sector in crisis one factor contributing to the bearish sentiment in the banking sector is the ongoing banking crisis which has been brought on by multiple bank failures and concerns about the stability of the financial system this crisis has led to increased regulatory scrutiny and tighter lending standards which are putting pressure on banks profitability and growth prospects additionally fears of a recession are also weighing on the banking sector a recession would likely lead to increased loan defaults and reduced demand for banking services which could further erode banks earnings and asset quality high valuations are another headwind for the banking sector many banks are currently trading at relatively high pricetoearnings ratios which suggests that investors have high expectations for future earnings growth however if earnings fail to meet these expectations investors may begin to sell off bank stocks leading to further declines in price finally interest rate hikes are also a challenge for banks higher interest rates can lead to increased borrowing costs for consumers and businesses which can reduce demand for loans and other banking services additionally higher rates can also put pressure on banks net interest margins which can reduce their profitability technical analysis it all started with an article on morgan stanley as usual i was curious to see what kind of trajectory their stock was on with a tendency of being contrarian and q1 bank earnings coming up i decided to do an analysis of some of the major banks to see how they may be affected by the current banking crisis usually i expect price action to be in line with major data points and headlines in the hopes of finding discrepancies it is these discrepancies that highlight opportunities in markets what kind of discrepancies do we look for 1 fundamental discrepancies traders might look for discrepancies between the fundamental analysis of a company and its current market valuation for example if a company s fundamentals suggest that it is undervalued but its stock price is declining this could be an opportunity for traders to buy the stock 2 market condition discrepancies traders might look for discrepancies between the current market conditions and the direction of a stock s price for example if the market is bullish but a stock s price is declining this could be an opportunity for traders to buy the stock expecting it to rebound as the market recovers 3 technical analysis discrepancies traders might look for discrepancies between the technical analysis of a stock s price chart and its current market valuation for example if a stock s price chart shows a bullish trend but its current market valuation so what do we see morgan stanley an m top is a bearish chart pattern that occurs in technical analysis it is characterized by two peaks that form a letter m shape on a price chart the pattern occurs when a stock or asset price reaches a high point then pulls back to a support level before rising again to a similar high point however instead of breaking through this resistance level the price falls sharply creating an m shape on the chart a break of a trendline occurs when the price of an asset moves below or above the trendline indicating a potential reversal in the trend a break of a trendline can be significant because it can signal a shift in market sentiment with buyers or sellers gaining control of the market for example if a stock has been in an uptrend and then breaks below its trendline this could indicate that the buying pressure has decreased and the stock price may start to fall conversely if a stock has been in a downtrend and then breaks above its trendline this could signal a reversal in the trend and a potential buying opportunity an ascending channel consists of two parallel trend lines with the upper trend line connecting the highs and the lower trend line connecting the lows the upper trend line acts as resistance while the lower trend line acts as support as long as the price stays within the channel it is said to be in an uptrend if the price of an asset breaks below the lower border of an ascending channel it can indicate a potential trend reversal a break below the lower border can be seen as a sign of weakness in the uptrend and could signal a shift in market sentiment toward bearishness jp morgan chase co in technical analysis a head and shoulders pattern is a bearish reversal pattern that occurs on a price chart it is formed when a stock or asset price rises to a peak then declines to a support level before rising again to a higher peak the left shoulder the price then declines again to the same support level before rising once more to a higher peak the head finally the price declines again to the support level before rising once more to a lower peak the right shoulder the head and shoulders pattern is significant because it indicates that the bulls buyers have failed to push the price higher and the bears sellers have gained control of the market when the price falls below the support level it confirms the pattern and signals a potential reversal in the trend other bearish signals that can be seen described above in the chart are an ascending channel bearish and two trendline breaks bearish when the trendline is broken to the downside third time s the charm goldman sachs technical patterns ascending channel and m formation both bearish have already been described above bank of america technicals include bearish ascending channels with trendline breaks there is even a faint head and shoulders pattern at the end of the most recent price action conclusion in conclusion technical analysis of multiple banks suggests that the banking sector is currently facing significant headwinds including the ongoing banking crisis fears of a recession high valuations and interest rate hikes there has also been a recent slowdown in lending due to the recent credit crunch which you can read about in my previous post the basis of most banks revenue models these challenges are reflected in the bearish price action of many banks which are currently in a downtrend and forming bearish patterns as always investors should conduct their own research and analysis before making any investment decisions and carefully manage their risk
bull market confirmed he s been spotted prepare for a bull run boys and girls so load up on your spy calls this is a stronger market signal than any inverse cramer pay no attention to if he is actually on the floor or the picture is historical
please tell us your plans on saving your portfolio hello goodnight everybody no elections pun intended calls on this market because half this country believes in leaders who cannot read or make a coherent sentence there are no reasons to be bearish because it means you are too smart being too smart does not get you far here bud
story of my life i have used several trading platforms and so far fas are best amongst them all here is a brief overview and i would also like to hear your thoughts
spirit airlines being sold to jetblue when jetblue buys out spirit airlines what will happen to my spirit airlines stock does it just roll over to being stock in the new company or do they pay me for whatever shares i have and i don t have the stock anymore i just got the 250 dividend but i don t know how the rest will work
broader market redux month end july 23 12 solid weeks of gains with hardly a pullback would expect one next week but could be wrong the treasury auction yesterday moved the needle briefly in the wrong direction inflation news is once more showing signs of moderation overall i think odds of a brief pullback followed by another rally are in the cards it has been another good month for me i know it has for you all as well ps watching e nph f as u dow t lt for both entry on en phase and broader market direction if i am right and it s only a guess we may see e nph capitulate next week the treasury auctions yesterday didn t bode well for fed policy not sure we can suffer another bad auction have a good weekend
is this normal for spy i watch spy pretty closely and i m noticing some weird overbuy patterns and just curious if anyone else thinks it s normal specifically the level 2 market data where it tells you how many buy and sell orders are in i noticed this morning that someone keeps buying and cancelling their order for like $30m worth of shares it s literally half the buy queue and it keeps appearing and disappearing
shein files for us ipo heads up my fellow smooth brains shein has filed for an ipo this might be one of the rare companies which seems good to buy at the ipo
can we talk about $twtr and $hpq the race to $100 i wanted to do a poll yet then i thought we needed to talk about this subject in detail this really has nothing to do with the stocks $twtr $hpq but the influencers of that stock warren buffet and elon musk both revealed this week a stake in a major company both at the time trading similar in price first up $twtr and elon musk has his purchased of twitter stock made a difference and will this stock become a $100 or better trade for retail investors looking at twitter $twtrtwitter inc offers products and services for users advertisers developers and data partners the company s products and services include twitter promoted ads and twitter amplify follower ads and twitter takeover looking at elon we know as of this morning elon musk has already made more than $1 billion on his twitter stock great influence what about the retail investor how have they made now let us look at $hpq and warren buffet the goat has his purchase of hp stock made a difference and will this stock become a $100 or better trade for retail investors looking at $hpq hp inc is a global provider of personal computing and other access devices imaging and printing products and related technologies solutions and services to individual consumers small and mediumsized businesses smbs and large enterprises including customers in the government health and education sectors looking at warren we know that warren buffett s company has been scooping up shares over the last few days what about the retail investor have they also been buying this is my opinion and wanted to hear your opinion the race to $100 for $twtr and $hpq backed by two of the wealthiest men on the planet who has the biggest influence and what stock will be trading better based on elon or warren $twtr or $hpq
daily thread for tomorrow reddit was down so no thread come hang in discord instead
alarm signals in bank reports i continue to discuss banks as nearly all the reports presented today have surprisingly exceeded expectations here s a brief overview of the numbers and what i m paying attention to 1 bank of america bac revenue reached $263 billion surpassing the forecast of $2525 billion earnings per share eps were $097 higher than the expected $081 the bank s deposit volume decreased by almost 8 to $19 trillion and the bank also lowered its forecast for interest income income from deposits loans issued etc 2 goldman sachs gs revenue totaled $122 billion falling short of the $1283 billion forecast eps was $879 exceeding the $824 expectation revenue decreased by 5 yearoveryear and eps dropped by 183 in the future the bank may increase income due to the newly announced apple savings account which will generates 415 annual interest 3 bank of ny mellon bk one of the oldest banks in the us reported revenue of $44 billion and an eps of $112 in line with market expectations revenue increased by 11 yearoveryear partly due to a 52 rise in net interest income and eps grew by 30 however the volume of assets under management declined by 16 to $19 trillion due to market influence ie client asset withdrawal still the reports are far from ideal news and the market seems to agree bank of america was up 2 in premarket but has since lost around about 07 from yesterday s close goldman sachs is down approximately 15 bank of ny mellon has reduced losses and now sees a 025 increase sp 500 index futures are hovering around the zero mark while gold has risen adding 07 however the market is currently highly volatile and so the picture may change by the close of trading conclusion as i mentioned earlier credit institutions are unanimously stating that they re cutting costs and increasing return on capital simultaneously the banking crisis that began with the silicon valley bank story is already causing deposit outflows and other challenges as a result banks need to increase loan reserves therefore i prefer to stay away from bank stocks for now i might consider taking partial profits in the spdr sp bank etf kbe us today in the current situation it s better to secure a small profit from the transaction than to wait and see where things end up and of course there are several intriguing ideas that i ll lay out in much more detail very very soon
blink buys sema connect blink charging to acquire ev infrastructure firm semaconnect for $200 million by mt newswires 908 am et 06142022 0908 am edt 06142022 mt newswires blink charging said tuesday that it has agreed to acquire semaconnect inc a provider of electric vehicle charging infrastructure in north america in a cash and common stock transaction worth $200 million blink said the acquisition will add nearly 13 000 ev chargers to its footprint as well as an additional 3 800 site host locations and more than 150 000 registered ev driver members shares of blink charging rose 25 in premarket trading
the inflation rate in most cities in the united states is higher than the salary increase except los angeles according to the latest regional salary data of the bureau of labor statistics by the end of last year the salary increase in most cities in the united states slowed down and almost all cities salary increase was lower than the inflation rate los angeles is an exception and its salary increase in 2022 is higher than the local consumer price increase according to the december data released by the bureau of labor statistics phoenix and houston are the cities with the fastest slowdown in salary increase in houston the annual growth rate dropped sharply from 61 in june last year to 33 in december in phoenix the inflation rate is still far higher than the national average of 95 and the salary increase has slowed down to 5 in 2022 the national salary in the united states increased by 51 and the inflation rate at the end of the year was 65
every post here on wsb is negative now with all the negative posts on wsb that the economy is going to crash i am starting to think the opposite is true i mean it s starting to look like desperate posts of people trying to save their put options they always say inverse wsb besides isn t the fed technically pumping money into the economy and every stock market downturn reversed when the fed pivots and pumps money into the economy well isn t that happening now i mean when the market flips it never feels like it at the moment only 12 months later you know it
the richest man in the world elon musk must borrow $43 billion to buy twitter in his security and exchange commission filing elon listed several sources for the offer he had secured $13 billion from morgan stanley investment bank and another $125 billion from various other financial companies the final source of revenue was sighted as an equity commitment of $21 billion from musk himself this final source certainly carried an implication that some of musk s equity in tesla of which he owns $200 billion would be put on the line in the deal x200b from
update sold my puts held from 200k loss at open to 35k gain at noon midnight where i live sold because after leaving 60k on the table from not selling yesterday i was happy to take any profit on a day like this and move on i will be looking to buy more at lower costs in the coming days and weeks i think this is far from over i m going to bed see you folks tomorrow i m using a chinese broker called tiger brokers
bullish on nvda after intel guidance as many of you know the intel guidance dropped and it s had an impact on nvda and amd respectively the issue here is that intels drop in demand is for specifically for chips used in the traditional server and personal computer markets that is to say nothing to do with the ai chips that nvda and amd are building on their inventory which the hype is blasting off of in a separate statement the ceo goes on to say that they expect $2 billion worth of orders for its ai chips and expects better sales later in the year who gives a damn if their laptop and server business is dying the future is ai the drop we re seeing in aftermarket for both nvda and amd is unrelated to what they are producing compared to intel with nvda expecting 20 billion in revenue it s absurd to correlate the dying performance of one company with the stellar sales of another now i understand the market is irrational and there will most likely be a dip on open but it really don t make any sense to me the loss in revenue from intel is correlated with the absurd growth nvidia has been having with a 11 trillion valuation the computing power and software to boot i think if anything a decline in intel should be a sign of the absurd market dominance nvda has
rtx yolo earnings i am kind of not super happy with this cost bases and i really considered not going in but here is why i think earnings will beat expectations 1 war is good for business on february 25 the day after the invasion the stock was at 98 so 500 days of a big war hundreds of billions of contracts and company supplying the stuff is down $1 nope they are making money 2 the stinger is back retired people are coming back to ramp up production this war has shown that air defense is really important and the only us solution is the the stinger and patriot the patriot is too expensive to use one drones so stinger is back 3 their is a rumor that the tomahawk cruse missile has been modified to be put on trucks and maybe sent to ukraine this would be the big $$$ even if they don t go to ukraine the need for land based medium ranged missiles has been made obvious and if they start selling the tomahawk to the army as well as air force big money
the bubble seems like it s back in honor of that time i made 43 000 over night i m baaaacccckkkk is this the greatest trade in wsb history on an overnight hold anyways that s besides the point i m back what we gambling on these days
most shortest stock in the netherlands hi all as a bit of distraction from bbby that is currently a disaster please have a look at just eat take away tkwyas a stock that has lost 85 of its market value in a year is heavily shorted and has just announced a 18 billion sale of a stake forcing the shorters to make a decision today the stock has increased with roughly 40 already and will only continue to squeeze x200b what do you think
and this is why i bogle guess the buss family should've just voo and chilled
crossed $500k today. big milestone for me today, and don't have anyone in my life i can share it with. i still have a lot to learn about investing (and some spending habits to unlearn/keep in check), but i'm proud of this $500k accomplishment. breakdown of the $500k is roughly as follows: -$400k traditional 401k (100% vffsx via vanguard institutional 500 indx tr); maxing annually with an 8% employer match -$25k roth ira (70% voo/30% vym); contributing $7k/yr via backdoor -$75k taxable brokerage (80% voo/15% vusxx/5% miscellaneous (nvda and a few other stocks to track for fun); minimum $200/mo to voo, but usually more depending on how my expenses shake out each month 41f, renter in hcol area (socal), ~$210k total comp (salary+bonus). no kids, divorced a few years ago (i earned significantly more than ex, fought hard to keep my retirement accounts and very glad i did). i had a late start ramping up my retirement contributions because i was in law school in my late 20s and then paying off $215k in law school loans (paid off 7.5 years after graduating, which i'm extremely proud of). paid-off 2019 vehicle, no consumer debt. i also have a separate emergency fund of ~$65k between hysa and cd ladder, which is 10-12 months of essential expenses. as the cds mature, i'll be shifting those funds to vusxx to take advantage of the ca tax benefits, which i just recently learned about thanks to this sub! goals for the next few years: -$1m by 45! -improve diversification (adding vtiax/vxus?) -$25k sinking fund towards next vehicle purchase -continue reducing non-essential expenses (more $$ to brokerage and for travel!) -increase charitable contributions happy to take suggestions for things i should consider or where i might be able to improve. but i mostly just wanted to share my experience and thank this sub for all of the advice and encouragement i've passively picked up as i've lurked for the last year or so.
40% of those earning over $300k are living paycheck to paycheck, according to new goldman sachs study “according to our working respondents, financial strain is not confined to low-income workers. a meaningful share of higher earners also report living paycheck to paycheck or making only limited progress toward long-term financial goals, underscoring that elevated expenses, debt burdens, and lifestyle inflation can erode savings capacity across the income spectrum. while the portion of those living paycheck to paycheck declines and is only 16% of respondents within the $200,000 to $300,000 income group, above $300,000, this paycheck to paycheck group jumps to ~40% potentially illustrating the impact of lifestyle creep, the phenomenon of luxuries becoming necessities to certain income cohorts.” full report can be found here: this seems...insane. but also helps me understand why none of my peers were retiring at my last job.
this dip has solidified my opinion that this sub is not bogle at all the amount of people not staying the course, not continuing to invest, looking at their balance every day, and general hysteria is comical. unfortunately for someone that comes here with no insight into bogle, would think this is textbook boglehead behavior. what a shame for that unlucky person. i guess the only way to really learn the bogle method, is to read his books and watch old interviews.
this is the dumbest stock market in history “at one level, there is no doubt that this is the dumbest market in history, because at this point it is completely dominated by “passive” index investing — the very definition of dumb money, because indexers buy stocks without any regard to valuation. index funds chase the crowd, but increasingly index funds are the crowd — which is both dumb and crazy. st. james, citing research from newport beach, calif.–based research affiliates as well as morningstar, calculates that the total amount of assets managed by passive investors, typically index funds, now exceeds the total amount managed by active investors, who — for good or ill — actually look at things like balance sheets and income statements before investing in a stock. the lines, st. james estimates, crossed in february of last year. at the last two stock-market cliffs, in 2000 and 2007, active investing still dwarfed passive investing by orders of magnitude.”
liberation day has broken this sub people on here are now talking about how "this was the most telegraphed market downturn in history" and they should have sold last month. as of writing this, the top upvoted comment on the most recent [post]( is: >we’re living in unprecedented times. anyone that says they know how this ends is delusional or lying. i'd have expected this sub to reject alarmism like this but it's not to be. looks like our bowels are just as weak as those from r/stocks or r/investing. the very point of r/bogleheads is to stick to a strong investing plan and stay the course during times like this. in fact, this is the moment when passive investing really shines. the peace of mind knowing that a diversified portfolio will survive anything is gold-dust and should be treasured. instead, there are posts on here about how vix indicators have to be read a la crystal balls to react correctly to this "unprecedented event."
the market has not crashed the past few weeks the investing subreddits have been filled with threads about the us stock market. tons of people asking if they should ditch their positions. comments largely fall into two categories: 1. trump has ruined everything, pull out of us stocks (to europe or cash, mostly) 2. ha ha sucker, i'm buying on sale! i find both of these frustrating because _there is no sale_ - the stock market is hardly even down. let's take a look at some data. if we look at [a portfolio composed only of the s&p 500]( as of a week ago we were in a drawdown of 1.27%. that is a quarter of the way to the great crash of april 2024 where it went down 4.03% (remember that one? i sure don't). reminder: dot com brought us down almost 45%. 2008 got it down 50%. _those_ are crashes. if your glasses prescription is out of date you can't even see current events on the graph. ok, sure, that data is from february 28 and today is march 9, the whole world has changed since then. let's go look at an up to date graph then. hmm, notice how we've had a multitude of equivalent blips, just in the last five years? (see attached) and this is even assuming someone who is fully into us large cap. if you go even a little boglehead with total us, total international, and a teensy bit of bonds, it's all moderated even more. and yet, we have highly upvoted posts saying things like [my portfolio is down 26% since don took office.]( it sure feels good: there's a lot of fear in the air, maybe we're on the political side of the spectrum where we think the president is making bad choices, this must be true! it's only after you dig far into the comments that you find out what this portfolio is: > mostly a mix of clean energy/ev/sustainable future type things > > bit of tech, industrial, re etc. feeling the pinch everywhere lol investing in specific company stocks, and only across a couple of industries, specifically ones that were projected to have a lot of growth? i'm surprised it's only 26%. regardless, this isn't reflective of what "the market" is doing, yet we keep promoting these types of narratives. we're the problem. here in bogleheads the dominant line has been "stay steady through this turbulence". i think the position we need to be taking is "there is no turbulence".
bank of america says growth stocks are in a bubble exceeding the 'dot-com' and 'nifty fifty' eras — and warns they could take the s&p 500 down 40%
this is why we bogle united health was a goliath of the healthcare/health insurance industry, one of the largest in the world by far. a company that has looked unstoppable for decades and was in the top 100 of the s&p 500. now in just the past 30 days it has lost almost 50% of its value. with the worst potentially to come with a doj lawsuit pending that could cause it to plunge further. for anybody on the fence about boglehead ideas; this is why we do it. broad, market cap weighted, index funds. while unh was imploding and dropping value, vti continued to climb as if nothing was happening. this is why you buy the market not the stock.
time in the market i think about this whenever i see people talking about pulling out of the market or thinking they can even get close to timing the market. let it ride for 30 years and let the magic happen.
being a boglehead taught me that even millionaires don’t live a lavish lifestyle. i am talking about those millionaires who’ve accumulated 2-3 million dollars in investment assets. by today’s standards, 2-3 million is a good amount of money, but if you want that wealth to last a long time (30-40 years), and if you want to pass your wealth to your heirs, as i imagine most parents would want, you can only withdraw 80k-120k annually following the 4% rule, which is not that much. so, when i look around and see people driving $100k tesla trucks, i’m thinking these people are either multi millionaires with at least 5 million in assets or they’re in debt. am i right?
the ai bubble is 17 times the size of the dot-com frenzy — and four times the subprime bubble, analyst says
well, i fell for it after firmly sticking to my boglehead 3 fund plan for years, i gave in and sold vti from my rollover this morning. i had rolled the account over in january and inadvertently bought near record highs, so my thought was i would take advantage of this downturn and buy back in tomorrow after china puts its reciprocal tariffs into place and drops the market more. i thought i was so smart. then, just about two hours afterwards, the 90-day pause goes into effect. cue much cursing and self-flagellation. fortunately, my account was small and already relatively diversified so i didn’t lose more than a couple thousand, but that money is gone for good now. let that be a lesson for all of us. don’t time the market. it’s said a lot here, but it bears repeating even in the most unnecessary self-inflected market downturns: don’t time the market! you don’t know jack shit about what’s going to happen or when and it’s not worth being anxious about. i’m just glad i learned my lesson at such a low cost. edit: this was supposed to be an honest and slightly funny account of a mistake i made so that people could learn from it. the amount of people responding with patronizing groupthink “no true scottsman,” “you don’t belong here,” and “you learned nothing” type arguments is absurd and totally missing the point. jack bogle invented an investment strategy, not a fucking identity. i briefly tried something else, failed, and remembered why this is still the best strategy for me. if you can relate or find this useful, great. if that seems stupid to you, just move on instead of virtue signaling. k? k.
felt like this belonged here
“port in the storm”? while the core of bogleheads may be a port in the storm, market volatility lately sure has made the sub resemble other investing subs more than it does in periods of stability. regardless, fun to see this shoutout while reading the news!
670k inheritance at 18 years old. for context:i turned 18 years old as of 2 months ago and received a large inheritance which was just a giant vanguard brokerage portfolio with investments from my grandmother. when i was around 10-11 years old, shortly before my grandmother passed away; she told me two things, 1)when she passes, she will be leaving me an investment portfolio for when i turn 18, and 2)buy myself a new car with this money but don’t go overboard(i bought a 22 acura tlx). so far after some buying and selling of some of the stuff she had, and learning(over the last 6-8 months of finances, investing and how to actually budget). my portfolio so far has about 350k in vtsax, 110 in vti and vwilx, and on the side i decided to use some of the money (50k in vfidx) to buy gold(after the crash down to the low 4 thousands as of 2 days ago). this is so far how my portfolio looks (along with my beautiful tlx which i know isn’t an investment by no means) at the very young age of 18, i know i definitely have a lot of learning, growing up, and life experiences to go through. for all my older and wiser investors, in my situation am i doing fine? am i doing things right? what would you do in my situation? and how should i prepare for the future? (also forgot to mention but i also spent another 16k on a trade school for electrical. and yes i then soon realized it would’ve been better to try to be an apprentice but oh well, i do plan on being an electrician in the future for my career plans)
bogleheads, i love you i never considered selling for a second because of this sub and the calm, levelheaded bipartisan discussion between its members. i know this spike isn’t the light at the end of the tunnel, but it’s a glimmer of hope at least. i thank this community and its members for keeping me sane.
5 years of monthly net worth tracking joined the bogleheads community several years ago and got some solid advice to actually track my financial progress. throughout these 5 years, my income has wildly fluctuated and i have made some poor choices and simultaneously some great choices. for example, i fell for a couple crypto crapcoins and even got in on the shroom stock hype train in 2020 and 2021– however, i never allocated more than 10% of my portfolio to these things so the inevitable losses were somewhat mitigated as i had the rest in vt or similar funds. i also had purchased a house with unending problems which ultimately ended up being a huge money pit. at this point, i view all those “investment” losses as invaluable lessons and worth the price of admission, counting myself especially lucky being able to make those mistakes early on in life. as for the past couple years i’ve been completely vt and chillin . as you can see, it’s not a straight line in making progress. the market—and more specifically, life— ebs and flows. it was a post like this that inspired me over 5 years ago to just start at least trying to be consistent, so i hope this post can help maybe a couple of you too.
when one life change almost ruined years of index investing a friend of mine after years of being homefree and investing heavily using index funds, was literally about one pay-period away from fire. then a divorce hit. all those years of low-cost funds, discipline, reinvesting it didn’t matter as much when shared finances, a sudden split, and unexpected legal costs came into play. seeing that made me realize: following the boglehead investing path is only half the battle. the other half is planning for personal “what ifs” so your investments don’t just survive the market, but life changes too. anyone else in here have a piece of your wealth you didn’t anticipate having to defend or rethink?
i invested 150k during jan when the s&p was around 6100 it feels so bad right now. i hurt. edit: thanks everyone for the advice.
the sky is not falling. i am surprised by the plethora of "emotional support" posts surrounding recent volatility. you'd think the stock market is down 50%. **reality check:** the s&p 500 is down 6.6% from *all-time highs*. vti is down only 7%. this is r/bogleheads, not r/wallstreetbets where i'd expect more reactionary posts. obviously, "stay the course" yadda yadda. if anything, those of us bogleheads not nearing retirement withdrawals should be celebrating and buying the dip. perhaps these sound like the grumblings of a vet, but i've only been investing for five years. if this small of a correction evokes concern, revisit your risk tolerance and asset allocation. then continue living your life. time will take care of the rest.
is this how bogleheads think?
do most people not know about just investing into the s&p 500? i went to my jiu jitsu class and spoke to one guy who was an econ major who works at prudential. we spoke for a bit. i told him i had been investing into nvidia since 2019 and have been investing into voo since maybe 2010 or 2011. he asks "voo?" i told him, "the s&p 500" then he asked what that was. do most people just not know about the s&p500? i would have thought an econ major who works at prudential would know something so basic. not trying to be a jerk. i'm curious.
"us dollar lost 10% of value, stocks gained 10%, there was no gain" i keep hearing about how the us stock market actually has not gone up at all, just the money supply. if the dollar has weakened by 10%, is that different than inflation of 10%? did the stock market really not gain any "value"? if someone could explain it to my feeble mind i would appreciate it.
vanguard has announced the largest fee cut in its history. fees reduced by an average of 20% and its etfs have an average expense ratio of .105% compared to an industry average of .53%
what are your thoughts on this? i keep seeing this type of stuff on instagram and social media and wanted to know how you guys were thinking about this. i know a lot you have been in the market for decades and as a relatively new investor myself i’d love to get your perspective!
vanguard chief says it’s time to pivot away from u.s. stocks [ much of what has been talked about in this forum for the last few years.
i sent this email on april 7th, literally at market bottom. luckily the advisor told me what a huge mistake this would've been, and i have thankfully learned a lot since then. posting this so hopefully people can learn from my mistake instead of having to learn it themselves. edit: i'm fully aware of what this sub thinks of fee-based advisors. in this case he probably saved me hundreds of thousands in compound interest over my lifetime. could my money be performing better without the fee drag? yes, but it could also be performing far worse, and that's probably good enough for the majority of people.
"the days of set-and-forget investing just ended for many americans" - wsj ignoring the panic and headlines is so satisfying. stay the course, bogleheads.
why warren buffet says jack bogle probably did more for american investors than anyone else
found this in my saved photos. a nice reminder that no one knows what is going to happen.
to the people on this sub freaking out... i just went back to 2007-2009 and read some of the forum posts in the boglehead thread. they were saying the exact same thing people here are worried about. “what if this is different?” “what if x?” “what if y?” — look, you should never have invested money you need to touch in any way in a short time frame. if you did, that’s on you but every investing strategy for the layman states that there must be a long time horizon for domestic and international equity investments. word of advice: stop looking at the cost of the etf or mutual fund. what helps me stay rational minded is changing the focus from how much an etf costs to how many shares i currently own of that etf. that matters a whole lot more in the future. best of luck - do not sell.
my brother is a non-bogelhead what is the best way to try and show them this is a great way to invest? or is it not even worth it?
warren buffett downplays recent market volatility as 'really nothing', saying it's part of investing & investors need to check their emotions at the door a clip from this morning's berkshire hathaway annual shareholder meeting:
how we feel about this?
401(k)s are minting a generation of ‘moderate millionaires’ bogleheads get a mention in the wall street journal.
american's obsession with putting themselves into debt it's very disheartening to me just how many of my peers --regardless of their income level -- seem to salivate at the idea of putting themselves into debt. my cousin who has struggled with poverty for much of his life got a raise this month, and the first thing he told me was about how he'd use it as a down payment for a new pickup truck. *he lives in a city*. he wouldn't even use it. i told him it would be a better idea to invest it and he reacted like everyone does, "yeah..." another person was talking about a certain stimulus check being discussed at the present and they said, "i can use it to pay off my credit card bills!" > **neither of these two people are making bad wages or went into debt because of emergencies.** they spent it all on trivialities. **they are both paycheck-to-paycheck.** this sort of mindset is utterly mind boggling to me. i don't understand why people *choose* to live on the edge of ruin, simply because they *can*. especially with how many horror stories there are about people getting into unfortunate accidents, health problems appearing, etc. and subsequently ending up bankrupt. if they simply invested a small amount of money into an index fund like vanguard -- over time -- they'd have a significant amount of wealth. those two people could buy 5 new cars in cash and never have to worry about cc debt again just by investing the money. not only do they not do that, they even pull money out of their 401k's with penalties to buy more stuff. i specifically mentioned that this is an american mindset because i've traveled a lot. in other countries people try to invest their money and save it for rainy days. even where they have strong social safety nets and don't need to. it's very depressing to me
you should ignore the noise regarding tariffs and (geo)politics and just stay the course. but for some, this may be a wake-up call as to why diversification is so important. it’s been building for weeks but today i woke up to every investing sub on reddit flooded with concerns about what tariffs are going to do to the stock market. some folks are so worked up that they are indulging fears that this may bring about the collapse of america and/or the global economy and speculating about how they should best respond by repositioning their investments. i don’t want to trivialize the gravity of current events, but that is exactly the kind of fear-based reaction that leads to poor investing outcomes. if you want to debate the merits and consequences of tariff policy, there’s plenty of frothy conversation on r/politics and r/economy. and if you want to ponder the decline of civilization, you can head over to r/economiccollapse or r/preppers. but for seasoned buy & hold index investors, the message is always the same: *tune out the noise and stay the course*. without even getting into tariffs or geopolitics, here is some timeless wisdom to consider. **jack bogle: “**[**don’t just do something, stand there!**]( jack bogle spent much of his life shouting as loud as he could to as many people as would listen that the best course of action for an investor is to buy and hold low-cost total market index funds and leave them alone until they are old enough to retire. it has to be repeated over and over because each time a new scary situation comes along, investors (especially newer ones) have a tendency to panic and want to get their money out of the market. yet that is likely to be the worst possible decision you could make because [market timing doesn’t work]( pulling some paraphrased nuggets out of the little book of common sense investing: * most equity fund investors actually get lower returns than the funds they invest in..... why? counterproductive market timing and adverse fund selection. most investors put money in as a fund is rising and pull money out as it is falling. investors chase past performance. * instead, embrace market volatility with patience. market downturns are inevitable, but reacting to them with panic selling can lead to poor outcomes. bogle encourages investors to remain calm, keep a long-term view, and remember that volatility is a natural part of investing. [**bill bernstein**]( “what i tell all engineers is to forget the math you've learned that's useful, devote all your time to now learning the history and the psychology. and one of the things that any stock analyst, any person who runs an analytic firm will tell you, because they really don't want to hire a finance major, they actually want philosophy and english and history majors working for them.” my impression is that a lot of folks who are getting anxious about their long-term investments in the current climate may not know enough about world history and market history to appreciate the power of this philosophy. the buy & hold strategy works, and that is based on 100 - 150 years of us market data, and 125 - [400 years of global market data]( what you find over that time is that a globally-diversified equities portfolio consistently delivers 5-8% real returns over the long run (eg 20-30 years). can you fathom some of the situations that happened in that timeframe that make today’s worries look like a walk in the park? if you’ll indulge me for a moment to zoom in on one particular period... take a look [at a map of the world in 1910]( the japanese empire controls the pacific while the russian empire and austro-hungarian empire control eastern europe. the ottoman empire has most of “arabia” and africa is broadly drawn european colonies. in the decades that followed, these maps would be completely re-drawn twice. russian and chinese revolutions collapse the governments and cause total losses in markets and austria-hungary implodes. superpowers clash and world capitals are destroyed as north of 100 million people die in subsequent wars in theaters across 6 continents. the then up-and-coming united states is largely spared from destruction on home soil and would emerge as the dominant world power, but it wasn’t all roses and sunshine for a us investor. consider: * there was extreme rationing and able-bodied young men were drafted to war in 1917-18 * the 1919 flu kills 50 million people worldwide * the stock market booms in the 1920’s and then crashed almost 90 % over the following years * the us enters the great depression and unemployment approaches 25% * the dust bowl ravages america’s crops and causes mass migration * hunger and poverty are rampant as folks wait on bread lines * war breaks out, and again there are drafts and rationing during this time, prospects could not have looked bleaker. yet, if you could even survive all this, a global buy & hold investor would have done remarkably fine over 35 years. interestingly, two of the countries which were largely destroyed by the end of this period - germany and japan - would later emerge as two of the strongest economies in the world over the next 35 years while the us had fairly mediocre stock returns. the late 1960’-70’s in the us was another very bleak time with the vietnam war (yet another draft), the oil crisis, high unemployment as manufacturing in today’s “rust belt” dies off to overseas competitors, and the worst inflation in us history hits. but unfortunately these cycles are to be expected. [**jl collins**]( >“you need to know these bad things are coming. they will happen. they will hurt. but like blizzards in winter they should never be a surprise. and, unless you panic they won’t matter. >market crashes are to be expected. what happened in 2008 was not something unheard of. it has happened before and it will happen again. and again. i’ve been investing for almost 40 years. in that time we’ve had: * the great recession of 1974-75. * the massive inflation of the late 1970s & early 1980. raise your hand if you remember win buttons (whip inflation now). mortgage rates were pushing 20%. you could buy 10-year treasuries paying 15%+. * the now infamous 1979 business week cover: “the death of equities,” which, as it turned out, marked the coming of the greatest bull market of all time. * the crash of 1987. biggest one-day drop in history. brokers were, literally, on the window ledges and more than a couple took the leap. * the recession of the early ’90s. * the tech crash of the late ’90s. * 9/11. * and that little dust-up in 2008. >the market always recovers. always. and, if someday it really doesn’t, no investment will be safe and none of this financial stuff will matter anyway. >in 1974 the dow closed at 616\*. at the end of 2014 it was 17,823\*. over that 40 year period (january 1975 – january 2015) the s&p 500 (a broader and more telling index) grew at an annualized rate of 11.9%\*\* if you had invested $1,000 then it would have grown to $89,790\*\*\* as 2015 dawned. an impressive result through all those disasters above. >all you would have had to do is toughen up and let it ride. take a moment and let that sink in. this is the most important point i’ll be making today. >everybody makes money when the market is rising. but what determines whether it will make you wealthy or leave you bleeding on the side of the road, is what you do during the times it is collapsing." all this said, i do think many investors may be confronting for the first time something they may not have appropriately evaluated before, and that is country risk. as much as folks like to tell stories that the us market is indomitable based on trailing returns, or that owning big multi-national us companies is adequate international diversification, that is not entirely true. if your equity holdings are only us stocks, you are exposing yourself to undue risk that something unpleasant and previously unanticipated happens with the us politically or economically that could cause them to underperform. you also need to consider whether not having any bonds is the right choice for you if haven’t lived through major calamities before. **consider bill bernstein again**: >“the biggest psychological flaw, the mistake that people make, is being overconfident. men are particularly bad at this. testosterone does wonderful things for muscle mass, but it doesn't do much for judgment. and one of the mistakes that a lot of investors, and particularly men make, is thinking that they're able to tolerate stock market risk. they look at how maybe if they're lucky, they're aware of stock market history and they can see that yes, stocks can have these terrible losses. and they'll say, "yeah, i'll see it through and i'll stay the course." but when the excrement really hits the ventilating system, they lose their discipline. and the analogy that i like to use is a piloting analogy, which is the difference between training for an airplane crash in the simulator and doing it for real. you're going to generally perform much better in a sim than you will when you actually are faced with a real control emergency in an airplane.” and finally, **the great nispirius from the bogleheads forum**: while making emotional decisions to re-allocate based on gut reaction to current events is a bad idea, maybe it’s [*a time to evaluate your jitters*]( >"when you're deciding what your risk tolerance is, it's not a tolerance for the number 10 or the number 15 or the number 25. it's not a tolerance for an "a" turning into a "+". it's a tolerance for accepting genuinely-scary, nothing-like-this-has-ever-happened-before, **heralds-a-new-era news events**... >what i'm saying is that this is a good time for evaluation. the risk is here. don't exaggerate it--we all love drama, but reality is usually more boring than we expect. don't brush it aside, look it in the eye as carefully as you can. and then look at how you really feel about it--not how you'd like to feel or how you think you're supposed to feel...if you feel that you are close to the edge of your risk tolerance right now, then you have too much in stocks. if you manage to tough it out and we get a calm spell, don't forget how you feel now and at least consider making an adjustment then."
hank green (a boglehead) is changing his portfolio due to the supposed ai bubble he is going to redistribute 15% of his portfolio to value etfs and small stocks etf. what's your opinion on this strategy?
i guess this is how works. real net worth numbers over the last 15 years after just plugging away at the market with vanguard index funds, as much as possible. averaging 23% year over year growth. i'm not smart about investing. i'm just consistent and obviously very lucky. got married 15 years ago, at age 27, combined our nw into a single number and tracked it all since. i've had steady work, my wife has had to find new jobs several times because of our various moves along the way. the chart above is average annual returns across various years, looking back. on average, we've done 23% per year. to compare, my pay has averaged 7% increase per year. the rest is investments (not many stocks at all) and our house. i've been lucky to get loans for house and cars at <4%. therefore, i'm not accelerating payments, just taking extra cash into the market. no kids - obviously helps. not purposely doing fire or living like paupers. none of this is inflation-adjusted, but it's actually been 3%/yr over this time frame. it works.
two months ago: are we legitimately seeing the end of the us and the stock market in real time?'. today: back to all-time highs yet another reminder to: make a plan and stick to it, no matter what. invest as much as you can, set up automatic contributions, and forget about it. take your emotions out of the equation, tune out the noise and go on with your life. it’s that simple, but it still blows my mind how many people fail at this.
reason #89,108 why attempting to time the market is a fool’s errand the u.s. court of international trade said the president had overstepped his authority under the federal emergency powers law he invoked. not a single investor would have known this ruling was coming back on “liberation day”. markets go up. markets go down. having a strategy and ignoring the day to day movements is how to grow wealth.
rhetoric around firing jerome powell is increasing, and forced manipulation of interest rates would likely follow. would a weighted readjustment from us into non-us funds be warranted in light of this? market manipulation of interest rates feels like confidence would immediately plummet and global diversification would become a more important percentage of your holdings in the long run. thoughts?
wow, have you seen the stock market lately? i don’t often share investing information from mr. money mustache because i think it can be overly simplistic but i thought this was a really good explanation of why expected returns are lower due to high valuations but you should still stay the course, and consider international diversification. here’s an excerpt: >it’s still going to be profitable to own stocks for the long run, just a bit less profitable than those times when we got to buy our stocks on sale. of course, there will be occasional manias and panics and crashes. but as always, it will be a losing game to try to time them – for example by selling all your stocks now and hoping to buy them at a cheaper price at some point in the future. just relax, enjoy your life, keep investing, ignore the daily news headlines and don’t worry. then reinvest that time that everyone else spends worrying into enjoying more time engaged in hard physical stuff in the great outdoors. that’s the only place where you’ll get guaranteed market-beating returns, every time.
if 1 bad week is giving you jitters, you're invested too aggressively the amount of posts i've seen on reddit panicking about the (us) market after one bad week exposes what a lot of older bogleheads and financial professionals often say, but is sometimes met with skepticism by younger financially literate investors: many people, especially young people, overestimate their risk tolerance. the s&p 500 as i write this is at 5,850. this is down from an all time high of 6,147. this is not even a 5% dip. of course we have no idea if this will turn into a correction or bear market. but this is nothing. we are literally where we were 4 months ago in november 2024. if a 5% pull back is causing you to reconsider your investments or consider cashing out, you were invested far too aggressively. luckily the market is not down too far so if you look at the past month and decide \*not that it's all coming down and its time to go to cash\*, but that you overestimated your risk tolerance and want to rebalance and change your asset allocation moving forward, do it! a couple examples of what this could look like 100% equities to 80/20-75/25-70/30-65/35-60/40 equities/bonds 100% us to 80/20-75/25-70/30-65/35% us/international large cap growth tilt/tech tilt/qqq/single stock allocation to target date fund or 3 fund portfolio of total market index funds the fact of the matter is, a 5% pullback, political uncertainty, international brief outperformance is not even a blip. this is par for the course. we shouldn't even be noticing this (including me). a lot of us have likely gotten in the habit over the past 2 years of checking account balances daily, because the market was on such a tear and it felt good. maybe its time to stop. check quarterly or hell, yearly. if you're 100% equities, you need to be prepared for a 50-60% draw down. this has happened before and will likely happen again in our lifetime. a 20-35% drawdown happens seemingly at least once a decade, and 2/3 years out of every 10 lose money. if you are all us, i'd reconsider. i love this country and believe in the long run we will outperform but we won't always. 20% international is the minimum i'd feel comfortable. i could not sleep at night putting all my eggs in the basket of one country, even this one. seemingly many people who thought they could cannot either. i am not immune to all/any of this to be clear. remember, stay the course. don't do something, just stand there. edit: i am obviously not claiming to be some guru/the next warren buffet/better than everyone else. i am young and still in all equities. but i have gone through a couple of corrections with no temptation to sell. does that make me the man? no, and maybe i'll feel different now that i have more invested if there's a substantial correction. just sparking conversation additionally, i suppose my ultimate point is that a good enough allocation you can stick with is better than an ideal allocation you bail out of. i am not saying "sell the sky is falling"
what do you think about this guy’s claim? “you can expect an annualized return of 0% over the next 10 years, if you buy the s&p 500 today at a forward p/e of around 23.” his full post says: no one is prepared to accept this reality. you can expect an annualized return of 0% over the next 10 years, if you buy the s&p 500 today at a forward p/e of around 23. the data leaves no room for doubt. my experience is that investors always know exactly what stocks they own, but far too rarely what they paid for them (in terms of the p/e ratio). the price you pay for your stocks is directly linked to the returns you’ll achieve—this is a fundamental truth. the graph contains a square for each month from 1988 through late 2014, totaling just under 324 monthly observations (27 years x 12). each square illustrates the forward p/e ratio of the s&p 500 at the time and the annualized return over the subsequent ten years. disclaimer: this post is for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice. always seek professional advice before making investment decisions.
"periodic table" of investment returns by asset class (1985 to 2024)
59 & retiring this year so some background. i’m 59, have worked in a union construction trade for 40 years, and will be retiring this year between 59-1/2 and 60. that just depends on some factors involved with medical hours for the year. i will be receiving a monthly pension that should settle in around $4k/month once we decide the survivor benefit percentage. i also plan on taking ss at 62, estimated at about $2600/month. as part of our benefits package, we have a surety fund that i had stayed aggressively invested in since the first day the union went to an investment firm that offered self investment elections. this was not the case in the early years as it was just a fixed interest annuity. regardless, it has done well for me, and after the covid dip and recovery, i became a little more conservative. i’m curious to hear your thoughts on my current elections in the screenshot posted, roughly a 55/45 mix. my future contributions are not being made to the bond fund, but those contributions will stop when i retire. for reference, the core bond fund is a current guaranteed 3.25% return. investment analyses that i’ve done, assuming an average 6% annual return, all seems to be saying there is plenty for the future and that is the minimum target i’m shooting for. it is possible that i will take slightly higher monthly distributions to make up the income gap until i’m 62. my wife will retire 4-5 years after me and will also get ss and has a rollover ira about 1/2 of mine at the moment. we have no mortgage, no car payments, and made the last tuition payment for our child recently.
reminder: if you’re even trying to bogle, you’re already winning i sometimes read this sub or talk to friends who bogle and fixate on what i could be doing better. should i sell that disney stock i bought when i was 23? could i be saving a higher percentage of my earnings? then, this month, two different coworkers confided in me that they don’t use their 401k and don’t have a brokerage account. to the extent they save, they seem to keep cash. it was a great reminder for me: as someone who maxes my 401k, ira, hsa, and does everything he can to feed my brokerage in a bogle manner, i’m way ahead. and you probably are too! keep trucking
60/40 outperformed 100% stocks in most 25-year periods since 1970 i started reading about investment in recent years and i've seen a lot of folks on reddit very bullish on 100% equities portfolio. "vt and chill" was the answer to every post, “if you tolerate high volatility you will get higher returns”. i did some data analysis and was very surprised to see that **100% equities underperformed** **most of the time**. simulation: * $5k initial value and $200 per month over 25 years * global equities (vt) and long term treasury (tlt) * portfolios 100/0, 80/20, 70/30, 60/40, rebalance yearly, inflation adjusted returns * example: [ i chose 25 years because i’m not in my 20s anymore and i do plan to use the money at some point. 1970 is the earliest that testfolio supports vtsim. the chart shows the return grouped by the year the investment started. the 60/40 portfolio had higher returns on 17 of the 31 periods vs 11 times for 100% equities. if you started investing in 1998-2000 then bonds only dragged down the portfolio though: here you can see the percentage in difference compared to the average return. 100% equities was the worst portfolio between 1984 and 1997 by a considerable margin. [ stocks of course also had higher volatility. it's pretty much guaranteed you will experience a 50% drawdown if you're all in on stocks: [ and finally a scatter plot with risk reward which doesn't make 100% stocks look that appealing. [ i'm not saying you should be doing 60/40 or 70/30, it's up to you. i'm just showing some data to balance out the "vt and chill" team that makes it sound like 100% equities is the best thing ever. i appreciate the simplicity of one fund portfolio, but adding bonds can not only soften the volatility but also outperform (past performance doesn't guarantee future results disclaimer). [here]( is a spreadsheet with the data. note: couldn't upload more than 1 image for some reason
anyone else not worried about deepseek news since they’re only holding broad market index funds? it sure feels good to not have to worry about how individual stocks are performing when you’re a boglehead.
an awful lot of layoffs tryna stay away from the news and the steady drumbeat comparing this to 1999, etc. but man, the layoffs are just eerily reminiscent of 2008--amazon canning up to 30k people tomorrow. chegg cutting staff by 45%. i am focused on the long(er) road and comforted by my vlcol south american lifestyle/budget and four-year emergency fund. but any words of wisdom, comfort, and whiskey are welcome!
net worth tracking over the last 15 years graph from monarch, data migrated from mint. includes primary home/real estate with extremely conservative value. lcol area. assets allocation: investments: 56% real estate: 29% (would be 45% of my allocation if i used current market value) cash: 15% liabilities: mortgage: 96% (10 years to go!) credit cards: 4% (paid off monthly)
anyone else feel bitter about saving 50% of a modest income and still not seeing “big” results? i’m 39, making $83k gross a year, and i’ve been dumping $40k annually (~48% of my gross income) into investments—maxing out my 401(k), roth ira, and throwing the rest into taxable accounts with us index funds. up until this year(this is the second year since i ever opened any form of retirement accounts), i have $80k combined, and after running some projections (7% return, 3% inflation), i’m looking at ~$1.56m in today’s dollars by 59. nominally, it’s $2.8m, but inflation just eats away at it. i’m proud of the discipline, but honestly, i’m starting to feel bitter. i’m living on basically $25k-$30k after taxes, scraping by with no frills, while half my paycheck vanishes into investments. i get that $1.56m is solid—way more than most—but it’s 20 years of pinching pennies for what feels like a “meh” payoff when you adjust for inflation. i was hoping for $2m+ in real dollars, something that feels like a reward for this grind, especially since my income isn’t even that high to begin with. is it even worth it to go beyond 401(k) and roth into taxable accounts when you’re not pulling six figures? i could drop to $30k/year savings, enjoy life a bit more now, and still hit $1.17m real by 59. or am i just burnt out and missing the bigger picture? anyone else wrestling with this—feeling like the sacrifice outweighs the future gain? need some perspective.
trump steps down from threat to fire fed's powell & says china tariffs will fall substantially after a deal; markets jump (while i hesitate to share day-to-day news here, given the amount of angst / discussion here generated by trump’s earlier bluster around powell & extremely high/escalating tariffs on imports from china, i figure folks here may be interested in seeing that was largely noise to be tuned out. s&p 500 futures are up about 1.9% after hours as of this writing on top of the s&p 500 closing up 2.5% for the day.)
world bank predicts worst decade for global growth since 60s
stop being so smug i see a very small number of posts from folks concerned about recent market turbulence. in contrast, there are so many posts claiming to be responding to the (non-existent) paranoia. it almost seems like everyone is looking for an “i told you so” moment where they get to act like they’re the only passive investor in the entire sub with emotionally stability. people in this sub, by and large, are staying the course. get over yourself. remember that old crossfit joke - “a guy walks into a bar. how do you know he does crossfit? he’ll tell you.” that’s what this sub is becoming.
don’t be like me. i cracked and instantly regretted it. after diligently socking away into vtsax for my entire 14 year career inside my 401k, i read one too many doom articles and thought i could avoid the economic meltdown. exchanged my entire 401k balance into cash while half asleep at 2am in the morning. this was thursday night. i woke up this morning and panicked. what if i miss the recovery? called vanguard and then to my horror discovered it was impossible to cancel the exchange which would happen after market close today. best i can do is exchange again afterwards. i thought, ok maybe it’ll tank again today and i will buy back in lower. ha! market rose 1.8% today, and i probably missed out on around $4,000 worth of gains. i spent this afternoon after close calculating how much it would’ve been worth 15-20 years from now. turns out that $4000 i missed out on would’ve been worth close to $86,000 (edit: probably closer to $12k) near retirement time. this is why you stay the course people. missing out on one up day during a bear market has a huge impact on future value. i bought back in with the same amount of cash and have less shares to show for it. which leads me to my final dumb move of the day, which was initiating another exchange back into equities. after all the rep told me to do that. but guess what, i’m locked out of vtsax for 30 days. no frequent trading. ended up picking a far out target date while i ride this month out, which won’t recover as good as vtsax due to the included bonds. so yeah, in the end i was a lifelong follower of the boglehead philosophy, but i still let fear get the best of me. even though i knew i wouldn’t need these funds for another 20 years, i still panicked when i should have remembered to tune out the noise. don’t be like me. there is no timing the market, and i should’ve remembered that. edit: thank you for all the feedback, especially pointing out the bad maths. i know $4k wouldn’t compound into $86k after 20 years, but chat gpt was telling me i was not accounting for my “compounded losses.” i’m still arguing with it, but i feel a lot better now.
just punched my ticket to early retirement! i want to give a big thank you to this community and the original bogleheads forum for sharing your strategies and insights. in particular, i want to thank larry swedroe, klangfool, white coat investor, mr. rick ferri, and the legend, mr. taylor larimore. you helped me learn everything i needed to know about three-funds, managing investment pools, and 401 (k)/ira/roth/529 plans, among others. i started investing in a 401k right out of college, but that was more "hope" than planning. i honestly had no idea what a monte carlo model was until i was 45 when i found bogleheads, but finding tools that could help me test my plan before retirement made a significant difference in the long run, both in identifying flaws and (ultimately) verifying that - hey, we made it! i even created a little one for my phone so i could keep plugging in updates! anyway... a few things that i learned along the way for those who might be finding this: * time in the market always beats timing the market. * invest regularly by setting aside money twice monthly * its better to buy all of the needles than to find one in a haystack; index funds > single stocks * the three-fund portfolio will take you further than stock-picking * sometimes the most important thing you can do is nothing * low fee / no fee advice can make you rich * if you can't find it in the bogleheads wiki, you shouldn't invest in it! [ thank you all. \- a very happy early retiree! edit: clarifying timeline.
to all the posts about "panic selling" ... if this is causing you panic, your allocations are wrong.
just finished “the simple path to wealth” at age 34 what a wonderful read! although now i’m sad i didn’t read this 10 years ago - but i guess better late than never. we just sold our apartment and we were looking to purchase a house. now i might rent and throw everything into vtsax. how old were you when you read the simple path to wealth?
i have to sell $50,000 in stocks by next week. how should i do this? so i’m a young guy, my dad died recently and last year i inherited some money. i was a good boglehead and invested the majority in voo. but now due to my dad’s poor tax planning (thanks for the money and i love you) my accountant has just informed me i owe the irs around fifty grand. my only way to pay this is by selling voo. what should i do? should i set a huge sell order for market open tomorrow? edit: everyone is preaching to me in the comments. these sales are on the advice of my cpa. i just need advice re timing and how to game this. my father died suddenly without a will and it’s been chaos that’s all you should need to know edit 2: so i waited for market open today and watched for a bounce for like 10 minutes. when it became clear that wasn’t happening i sold. lots of clever advice in here regarding covered calls and dca’s but ultimately i figured the market is bad and getting worse, i need the cash, and the mental load is significant. thanks for talking me through this guys
just finished maxing my 401k for the year it's 12/20. i'm 31 and have been working full time for almost 10 years. i just finished maxing out my 401k ($23k) for the first time in my life. although i've been contributing since i was 23, this was the first year i got serious about my 401k contributions. i know i'm relatively "young" but just a reminder that it's never too late to start taking your retirement seriously! edit: a lot of people are asking if i also maxed out my roth ira. the answer is yes - i have done so every year since 2021. for the last two years (2023 & 2024) i have used the backdoor roth conversion.
this is why we vt and chill...
‘friends end up blocking you’: northwestern mutual sold college grads a dream job. they left in ruin and debt extract: >...new recruits were told to take out their phones, open their contacts, and upload at least 200 names into company software. >then start calling. >the goal: 40 dials a day, documents seen by the guardian show. friends, cousins, ex-roommates, teammates, anyone who might answer. jeremy was told to leave 20 missed calls at a time so it looked “urgent”. when someone finally picked up, there was a script to follow: a cheerful announcement of his new role, followed by an invitation to meet and discuss their financial future. >if the person on the phone agrees to meet, their financials are input into northwestern’s [software]( which spits out a financial plan. invariably, it will recommend the most expensive life insurance product, known as “whole life”, according to internal documents and interviews with workers.
how many are maxing out their 401ks and roth iras? what percentage of people you think? it's over $30,000 just seems insane since so many are going paycheck to paycheck? i max out my roth ira but have only a little being taken out of my check for my 401k, since everything is so expensive nowadays seems like you'd somehow have to make a ton, and be able to save a ton, like someone with a high paying job and still living at home just curious
the likelihood of an active manager beating the s&p500 over a 30 year stretch is less than 1% i.e. stastically 0% i pulled this stat from j.l. collin’s the lieutenant and second in command to our holy father jack bogle. how many people know this? just surrender 90-95% of your portfolio to a broad based low cost cap weighted index fund and allocate 5%-10% to individual stocks (especially tech because of moores law, and the eventual fusion of man and machine) and just chill.
why are most people so economically illiterate? seems nowadays there's a massive hostile sentiment towards stockholders in general, who are identified with the 1%. how wages have been suppressed for decades now in favor of stock returns, leaving the average joe worse off than before while the rich profit off of their capital gains. what doesn't make sense here is this unconscious, seemingly widely held belief that only *this* group gets to profit from the system. there is nothing stopping the average joe from investing a small part of his money, matching his 401k, and profiting off the very same system he claims oppresses him, negating it's harmful effects. in common sense on mutual funds, i remember john bogle said something to the effect of investing a mere $50 a week over 40 years will make you a millionaire by retirement age. and indeed, if we look at a compound interest calculator investing $200 a month with 10% returns (not accounting for 4% rule) you'd end up with $1,264,869. for the average middle-class worker this is not a huge expense. it's one less order of takeout in a week. it sounds to me that this system is *immensely* beneficial for the working-class. and people will say they "can't afford it". the same people i see driving around the newest model cars with $800/mo. payments hanging over their heads. or taking out mortgages at silly rates for bigger houses than they need. even when i was poverty-stricken, eating rice and beans everyday i could afford to invest $50 a week. my general point is that it seems people like blaming the system for their reduced spending power/qol while also completely failing to take advantage of it's frankly miraculous economic benefits.
22 years old and maxed out my roth every year since 18. how does it look? my first two years i bought roughly a 50/50 split of apple and amazon, from then on began investing only into efts but didnt sell any of my aapl/amzn stock. a fund i dont like is vxus. from my understanding the reason i have it is to negate losses from vt, however without holding vt i dont believe its necessary by any means.
started late, celebrating every win spent my 20s getting in and out of debt and getting my life together. had 0 knowledge of investing. shoutout to podcasts and friends for encouraging me. started investing in 2020 at 32 years old. considering i had no job and no savings 5 years ago, i’m feeling darn good. for those who are just starting, it’s never too late
the shockingly simple math behind early retirement an oldie but a goodie for folks who haven't read this classic post from "mr. money mustache". it all boils down to your savings rate.
401(k) limit increases to $24,500 for 2026, ira limit increases to $7,500
prioritizing investments [ i comment this link all the time, but considering the flurry of posts surrounding recent events i want to highlight the specifics of how to follow the[ bogleheads investing philosophy]( beyond just saying "stay the course". **you must secure a healthy emergency fund before you can invest.** once you have that established, follow the above article. this flowchart achieves an optimized financial household for yourself, both from a risk and a tax standpoint. and of course, this guide applies in good times and bad. the emergency fund is there so you *don't* need to panic sell your 401k or ira investments during a market drop. armed with this knowledge, you should then understand the meaning behind [jack bogle's quotes]( with my personal favorite (and appropriate for the current climate) being: *"time is your friend; impulse is your enemy".*
the reason why markets are almost impossible to predict i see a lot of confusion here about the reason why markets are effectively impossible to predict. many seem to think that it’s because market forces are complex. that gets them into trouble because they look at x factor and think, “usually the market is complex, but in this case it’s obvious that factor x will cause the market to do y. this time, i really can predict the market!” but market unpredictability has nothing at all to do with complexity. instead, the reason markets are almost impossible to predict is because you aren’t predicting whether a company (or an economy) will perform well, but rather whether it will perform better (or worse) than the market expects it to perform. sports betting is a helpful analogy. it may be obvious that team a is going to crush team b in the big game this week. but that doesn’t mean that you should bet on team a, because the sports market has already adjusted the spread to account for the fact that team a is better. in fact, the odds have been adjusted by the precise amount necessary to ensure that any new bet is a 50-50 toss up. in the same way, it doesn’t matter whether you think it’s obvious that us or non-us or tech or non-tech will do better in the future because of reason x. unless you’ve got inside information, market prices have already adjusted in a way that makes predicting future movements a toss up. that’s ultimately why “this time is different” is never correct. yes, politics may be different, rules and laws may change, everything might change — but what will never change is that market prices will automatically adjust to ensure that predicting future prices changes is not possible.
i am so privileged. the more i speak to people who don't know all that much about basic investing philosophy, i realize how privileged i was to grow up with a dad that understood it decently enough to give me a background, the internet as an amazing resource to learn more by myself about it, and enough free time to be able to browse the internet and look into this stuff in general. not sure what the intention of this post is. i guess its a thank you to all of you and to the world. onwards.
warren buffett’s final letter to investors [link (pdf warning)]( i know this is bogleheads and we don’t focus on any one individual stock, but many of us do respect warren buffett and find his letters insightful. end of an era.
end of an era: warren buffett to step down from berkshire hathaway after six decades
fbi now warning against using sms as 2 factor authentication method for anyone who still be using sms as only \[or even as backup\] 2 factor authentication some reading: (edit: please remember, sms 2fa is much much better than no 2fa, it is just not as good as you may think) [ [ [
i paid off the mortgage i paid off the mortgage this week, and i am ecstatic! i know it is more of a mental change than an actual change in finances, but the big life accomplishments don't come around as much as when you are younger. so, i celebrate them when i can. we still had 4 years at 3.25%, and i know conventional wisdom is to invest it. i am approaching retirement and i have 4-5 years worth of expenses in fixed income, so the spread on what i am making over the rate is small. now i can take that monthly payment and put it back into longer term equities.
i think more people need to see this chart and stop freaking out. [slickcharts.com/sp500/returns]( ignore the noise and keep investing. sure they'll be bad moments, but 70% of the time the market is up.
dividends not as good as you think this was a post from a dividend reddit. “my goal in 1991, when i started to think about retiring, was to have $1,000,000 in dividend stocks when i retired. we retired at the end of 2023. i can tell you with 100% certainty that if i would have put all the money i sank into dividend stocks with the drps i started in 1991, and invested in the s&p 500 index, i would have $4,000,000 more wealth that i could take 3% distributions on, which would be $120,000, which is more than the dividends i am paid. not to mention, my dividend stocks are not worth $2,000,000. i contributed to around 15 drps for 26 years, adding other dividend stocks along the way in my two brokerage accounts. i also contributed to a small cap mutual fund, (it slaughtered my dividend stocks), and an international mutual fund(which has woefully underperformed the s&p 500 index). we own 49 dividend paying stocks. i just added three non-dividend paying stocks, and i am the investor that has bad timing. the day after i buy, the stock has gone down. i do not own bonds, cds, or bond funds or any fund that invests in bonds. i bought the high flyers of the 1990s, intc, ge, and pfe. today, intc no longer pays dividends, pfe stock has been in the doldrums, ge, cuts its dividend to $0.04, then reverse split 1 for 8, then recently did their spinoffs. what i am saying, today's great companies, might not be so great in 30 years. my utilities and oli&gas have been solid. oil&gas cycles of course. you have to be careful with the msty, jepq, o, and other stocks like them because those "dividends" are taxed as ordinary income. in your case 24% taxes. whereas, my qualified dividend portfolio is taxed at 15%. i am glad we are getting income and we make enough in dividends to pay some bills. moral of the story, dividends are nice, but not the end all be all.”
i just inherited around $729k. it's in edward jones in 7 mutual funds. i want to move it. how to do that without costing me a fortune? i just inherited around $729k. my mom was the end of the trust and so it is no longer in one. it was just transferred to me today (i was told it would happen in several weeks so i'd know where i wanted the money sent.). so i am now in edward jones in 7 different mutual funds. step up was used in 1999. how do i/can i get it out of edward jones into fidelity without paying an additional fortune (like be taxed on the entire amount?)? is fidelity the best choice? i am presuming so many mutual funds so that the advisor can get more fees and i know they have higher fees than most. looking at what i know was in it in 1990, it looks like my dad's choice of edward jones was a big mistake as it is worth less than half of what it would have been if it had just been in a stock market index fund. i know he didn't, and mom didn't withdraw any money from it although i don't know if the dividends (if there were any) were reinvested. i have no idea how this works. i'd sure appreciate some advice. edit - mom took the step up in 1998 when dad died (it was his trust from his mom and went to mom still in the trust - for me it is no longer in the trust) - as i result i am not able to take advantage of another step-up. also all 7 funds are proprietary to edward jones, which i understand from the comments means i have to liquidate them to move them and pay a fortune in capital gains. and i also realize that likely it wasn't all in stocks. i was just trying to judge how much was "lost" to ej's higher than average fees. i don't know how much churn there was either to enhance that person's income (i intend to ask this week about how long the money has been in those funds and how much of the value of the trust at mom's death was capital gains). i also appreciate how many people are taking the time to try to educate me, give me questions to ask so i can make the best decisions based on the circumstances i am dealing with. thank you! edit 9/5/25 all funds but one have been held for a very long time. one was bought the day before i had possession but it was only about $8500 worth. so at least he didn't churn them a lot over time or right before i had possession. that is a plus.
historical bull vs bear markets: 1942-2024 (first trust)
am i the only one that's a bit relieved we are seeing a correction? as someone who's single digit years from retirement, my biggest worry over the last few years is prolonged bear market in early retirement. also it's felt like we've been in a bubble. as much as i disagree with the current admin's fiscal policy or lack thereof, the bigger a bubble gets the worse the crash, so i'm a bit relieved to be seeing the current (nearly) correction. of course, it could get much worse and then i may never be able to retire.
if ever there was a pro-bogleheads piece...buffet on index funds vs hedge funds free link: buffett’s bet of the century “there’s one more person that i would like to introduce to you today and i’m quite sure he’s here. i haven’t seen him, but i understood he was coming,” buffett said, scanning the audience. “i believe that he made it today and that is jack bogle . . . jack bogle has probably done more for the american investor than any man in the country. jack, could you stand up? there he is ... i estimate that jack, at a minimum, has saved and left . . . tens and tens and tens of billions into their pockets, and those numbers are going to be hundreds and hundreds of billions over time,” buffett said. “so, it’s jack’s eighty-eighth birthday on monday, so i just (want to) say, ‘happy birthday, jack.’ and thank you on behalf of american investors.”
thoughts on this?
are most people clueless to personal finance & investment returns? i read a post on x this morning stating that a large number of government employees over the last 4 years have become “millionaires”. pretty much a large majority of the comments were focused on how there’s no way that many government employees could ever become millionaires without some sort of shenanigans going on... with that said, are people that clueless to realize that there are people out there who maximize their savings efforts, along with the upward momentum of the stock market over this time that this is a very feasible scenario?
returns don‘t matter...until they do i’ve been running a lot of fire math lately and one thing really clicked: up to around 40 (for me), savings rate is king. every extra dollar saved is a huge percentage of your total net worth. example: with 250k invested, a 50k annual contribution instantly boosts the portfolio by +20% before the market even moves. but once the portfolio snowballs past ~1m, the game flips. at 1m invested, 7% annual returns = 70k growth in a single year. that’s more than the 50k i’m adding myself. from that point, returns matter more than savings. so yeah, returns don’t matter...until they do. if you’re early in the journey, stop stressing over whether your portfolio makes 6%, 8% or 10% this year. focus on pumping cash in. later, once the snowball is massive, the market does the heavy lifting for you. edit: based on a couple of comments i need to clarify. i‘m not saying that returns don‘t matter at all in the beginning, they just don‘t matter that much. i‘m 34, started saving/investing 6 years ago and my nw is at 400k including home equity. 300k of those 400k (75%) was savings. eventually i‘ll reach a point where any further increase of my nw will be 75% determined by returns at which point savings will matter less.
28 yo unemployed. just got access to this portfolio. tips?
done with vanguard. just berated my wife on the phone. customer service at vanguard seems to get worse every single year. we've just undergone a challenging account-inheritance situation with vanguard with loads of back and forth with customer service. long-story short, some names didn't match because of marriage and other typical issues. point is, we have been in and out of the accounts a great deal in the last few weeks with the typical password challenges during that time. we manage our passwords in 1password. in general, we have our shit together. but sometimes the 2fa gets messy with as many accounts as we have and whose phone number is on the account. somewhere along the way, we got locked out of all our accounts and vanguard has been really cagey about letting us through the security screens. i get it. fraud detection. security. the works. no big deal. i got my accounts sorted without a lot of hoopla. my wife's accounts have been a nightmare however... since they won't talk to me because i am not on the account, i had my wife call to get back into her account. after bouncing through multiple people, she finally gets to a rep who proceeded to berate her on the phone for not "knowing her password," told her she should not let her spouse help manage the account because it's my fault the names were wrong in the first place, and implied with a ton of misogynistic overtones that my wife should be embarrassed for not understanding her finances. excuse me ma'am. my wife is a badass. she doesn't need me to freaking buy vtsax for christ's sake. it's literally only a roth ira. this isn't complex finance. its a simple password issue. it's vanguard that can't get this paperwork sorted and keeps locking us out. my wife had to convince this lady that i had nothing to do with it and that her recently deceased grandmother set all this up incorrectly in the first place. they finally relented and did a simple password reset that did the trick. good lord. this shouldn't have taken 20 mins on the phone. anyway, my wife is now in tears because complex grief and some misogynistic jerk in a call center and i am done with vanguard. i'm tired of the interface. i'm tired of how hard it is to find anything inside the portal. and i am tired of having to call them every time they lock us out. vanguard's supposedly excellent customer service was the only thing keeping me there. nope. not any more. this customer of 10 years is going to fidelity. it was astoundingly easy to set up and there were way less hoops to jump through to get going. hashtag not-sponsored. thanks for coming to my ~~rant~~ ted talk. edit with clarifications: 1. bad title lol. you right. read the post for clarification. 2. inheritance ira was completed a month ago. we assume that the security issues are leftover from that. of course it was difficult to deal with that. but we've been done with that for weeks. no big deal. honestly vanguard was slow but nothing to be unexpected. inheritance is messy. 3. i don't care that we had to call with a password reset. did i somehow imply that? that's completely normal security protocol. we have had to call lots of times the last few weeks. my problem was the way the customer service rep spoke to my wife. 4. we didn't get locked out due to "forgetting passwords." i thought that was clear in the post. all of our passwords are managed with 1password. there isn't "forgetting." they are all random strings of characters, numbers, and symbols saved in a secure vault. we don't know why we were locked out. and it doesn't matter. we could answer the security questions correctly. idk why the lady was so rude. maybe she was having a bad day. 5. my wife didn't deserve to be spoken to that way she's a soft-spoken therapist. i can assure you she wasn't a karen on the phone. classic reddit. never change. 6. i've moved to fidelity. it took 5 mins using this: [
just wanted to share an eye opening moment from a beginner i put $10,000 into voo and i went to bed and i woke up with $10,114 in the account. i know things a volatile but i’m 23 and that moment was just made me go “damn i should’ve just sacked up and started investing earlier”
23m first $20k invested, in it for the long run trying to stay near 75/25 fzrox/fzilx in a roth ira/hsa and 2060 retirement tdf in company 401k. auto-invest and dca all the way. glad i got into this community and excited to be on the path to financial independence.
has the stock market become completely decoupled from the economy? it's generally posited that the stock market is forward looking, and valuations include expected future changes. the stock market keeps hitting record highs. i personally am currently up 8% over the last 90 days and up 14% over the last year (standard bogle type portfolio, 80/20 equities/bonds). yet economic news is almost nothing but negative except for niche industries like ai. job growth is anemic, inflation is high, wage growth is slow or stagnant, unemployment is rising. tariff costs are unpredictable, but significant. stagflation is a real possibility. i know the stock market has never been exactly tied to the economy, but there's been a strong correlation, if not cause and effect. but they really seem like they might be bifurcating, are we looking at a [k shaped economy]( going forward? seems like that is easy to get into, and really hard to get out of!?
25m why shouldn’t i just go 100% into s&p 500 if the s&p 500 averages 8-9% returns a year accounting for inflation and if my time horizon is 35 years assuming i retire at 60, why shouldn’t i just go 100% s&p etfs/funds? if i add bonds to my basket my overall returns will be closer to 6-7% due to the low return of bonds.
reminder: if you’re feeling tempted to sit out and wait to buy a dip, you probably won’t buy the dip either. just read through the comments, you are not immune. if you’re thinking of sidelining because you think a crash is imminent, even if you’re right, you probably won’t buy in then either. you’ll likely say it’s not done going down yet all the way through recovery. when a dip happens it will be for good reason and that reason will make you very skittish. just have that money auto deposited and don’t look.
i’ve been a boglehead for 5 years now and i just calculated how much money i’ve made after leaving my former brokerage. my wife and i have been putting on average $1200 in per month and we have made over $60,000 in passive income by just going target date funds, voo, vxus, and bnd. i’m in my early 30s and feel like my life has been changed by this subreddit. i can’t believe where i’m at after just five years. why stock pick when you have shown me the way? thanks so much for your help. god bless you all. edit: i appreciate the correction. this isn’t passive income but unrealized gains. my passive income for each year is closer to $7,000 per annum at this stage.
do most people genuinely not invest towards retirement? was recently in a discussion about 401k's and pensions. one thing that kept coming up again and again was people repeating that if you don't invest in your 401k or stay until you're vested in your pension you'll, "retire with nothing." > it got me thinking -- do people *really not invest outside of their 401ks/pension at all?* like i personally cannot understand the mentality of spending all of your cash as soon as you get it. i get some people are of limited means but these discussions are happening on personal finance forums, where most people have the ability to invest their hard earned cash outside of their company retirement plans. yet they act as if the money is burning a hole in their pocket and if it isn't promptly spent it will simply disappear into thin air. i see this mentality so often and among all levels of earners. people seem to have an obsession with living above their means in general. even well-to-do people will finance things at interest to appear better off than they really are and take what could've been incredible savings into a paycheck-to-paycheck existence. i'm talking upper-management, seemingly intelligent types of people who should know all about the power of compound interest placing their finances in constant peril because they have nothing saved -- let alone invested towards their futures. thoughts?
87% decline in s&p 500 companies citing “recession” on earnings calls for q2 compared to q1 as of 8/8/2025, with 90% of s&p 500 companies reporting q2 2025 results by then, the year-over-year earnings growth rate of the s&p 500 was 11.8% (per [ ).
first reddit post: just crossed 100k in retirement at 37 i wanted to post because i always get inspired when i read post that i can relate to. * married 2010 * 4 kids! * i have never made a more than 90k. * my wife makes around 12k /year * we are not high earners but thankful. we were introduced to dave ramsey years ago so we tried to stay away from debt. driving clunkers does suck by the way. **2010:** first job- 44k **2011** i was in barnes and noble ( i know, i miss them too ). randomly grabbed a book on investing. decided that i should give it a shot. created a roth account on scottrade ( moment of silence ) i think i put in a couple hundred bucks in a mutual fund. continued to add to it but only a few hundred dollars at a time. **2015** bought our first home for 154k! 15k down. glory days. we were aggressive ( dave ramsey ) and went after our house and moved to a 15year. $1200/month to $1500/month. would have it paid off before 50. **2020**.... " love the house but....." seed got planted in our heads. everything crazy! at this point we had 20k in that roth account. sold the house! talk about excitement and anxiety all at once. now what??? rented a town house for 1 year. because we made money on the house i decided to read up on investing. suddenly, i realized that i was missing out on the miracle of compounding interest. yes, it was good to go after debt but what about my retirement? so we decided to get more aggressive with our 403b. opened up a roth for my wife and we both maxed it out that year ( because of the money we made from house sale )around 12k **2022**\- bought a house! i am a person of faith and it was a god miracle. we took on more debt. 225k with the house. we put down 100k ( again, from what we made on the last house ) **2022** retirement and roth roughly 50k. moved into a possible forever home. last month after continued investing in our 403b we **crossed that glorious 100k mark!** **majority of investment: voo. vti. vo. bnd. fxaix. nothing exciting. yes, i know there is a lot of the same!** now reality: **bummer**: 1. we have a larger house loan and if interest rates don't go down, instead of 50 we will be 65 when it is paid off. 2. life is expensive. literally we just had a 7k bill for my teeth issues! tears and disappointment! so our savings has dwindled down uncomfortable levels. **awesome:** 1. my wife loves the house and so do i. this kids love the school district and making great friends. 2. i am ok with a little stress in the present so that i can provide peace in my future. at 37 i can get a second job or even look for something else. we have a longer runway. when i am 65 my options may be fewer. 3. **life is about living.** dave ramsey is great but this is an extremely wealthy man telling people to live on rice and beans. i get it! we slept on an air mattress for 6months so we could afford a mattress, but these are the best years! i know many retired people who are bored with life! they dont feel a sense of purpose. i am willing to make sacrifices but i am also not willing to miss these years with my family and friends! if you read all of that - i am impressed! hopefully my little journey encourages you to keep moving forward! as my grandma ( 92 ) said, " enjoy the journey " cheers.
pros panic sold $1t during the chaos. regular investors stayed the course. yet another win for boring old buy-and-hold. the wsj reports that so far this year, hedge funds have sold over $1 trillion more shares than they have purchased, even as individuals have made $50 billion a month in net stock purchases, demonstrating the resilience of passive investing strategies. includes a bonus reference to john bogle!
market crashes (2025 edition) - ben felix
i traded physical and derivative base metals for 15+ years, 11 of those at trafigura ama my name is samuel basi and i have been in the commodities industry for over 16 years, holding multiple roles across different companies, commodities, and continents. i worked at trafigura for 11 years on their metals desks, trading for 8 of those years, and a smaller niche trader gmi for 4 years where i built their derivative desk from the ground up. link to linkedin: [ i authored 'perfectly hedged a practical guide to base metals' and in november 2023 i launched perfectly hedged llc - a consulting and education company working with firms across the entire commodity complex to enhance their knowledge of hedging and risk management. i also consult with individuals trying to break into the commodities industry, along with experienced employees looking to make the next step in their career. i have spent time in operations, hedging, physical trading, and derivative trading. i've sat on risk and trading committees and have a broad understanding of most parts of the commodity trading business. i have interviewed countless applicants for a variety of roles in the industry, including as part of the trafigura junior/international trader and graduate programs. i also happen to have gone through every visa that you can obtain to live and work in the usa so feel free to ask questions about that as well! >it seems like most of the questions were asked prior to the event, thank you so much for all of your input. i'll keep monitoring this thread and try to get back to any new questions that come in as soon as i can.
i was a physical and paper oil trader at two large trading shops ama graduated with a chemistry degree and joined a very well known global private physical trading shop onto their graduate scheme in geneva. did 3 rotations across operations, risk management and trade finance covering crude, condy, fuel oil, gasoline, naphtha and biodiesel. i subsequently became a commercial operator after the graduate programme with a remit to monetise physical optionality for the gasoline book (i.e optimise gasoline blend econs). i did this for a year and then moved to a predominantly paper trading focused shop in a junior trader role. started out as junior trader on the fuel oil desk responsible for managing the desks trade capture system (i.e deal entry), assisting analysts with fundamental snd modelling and eventually became responsible for maintaining the forward curve and quoting prices for internal bunker hedging. learned how to make markets and "arb" the curve, then moved into trading physical cargoes in rotterdam. subsequently moved into a more paper focused role, leveraging analytics to make relative value trades across the bbl. happy to answer any questions about the industry, getting into the industry, path to trading etc.
12 month old looking to break into commodity trading hi, i am a 12 month old infant. in between feedings, diapers, and naps, i've been pondering my future. i really want to be in a lucrative field and i'm pretty sure that commodity trading is for me. i have a few questions for the group: - which preschools are placing the most 1st year hires at the majors? - how can i gently steer my mother towards accepting that i, a 12 month old, am born to trade ercot north bal-day swaps? or should i consider hft? - does anyone know any good formula brands? i'm planning on drooling on whatever books you guys recommend, so i'll need to stay hydrated. i have to run and take a nap, but i wanted to sincerely thank you ahead of time for the guidance you can give me in this infantile state. i'll be preschool class of 2030. i've noticed lots of posts on this subreddit from others in a similar predicament to me and i wanted advice as well! oh, and the mods wanted these details: - current career - filling diapers - certificates - birth certificate received 12 months ago from a leading hospital - current location - crib - ability to relocate - i'll ask mommy - desired commodity - whatever makes me a lot of money fast. i need that fast life. tell me your pay without context please.
the real reason gold hit $4,000 gold just hit $4,000. up 50% in a year. outperforming major assets in 2025. the headlines say fear. war. inflation. recession. that’s lazy... when the u.s. froze russia’s assets, the world watched and china acted. china has been buying gold for 11 straight months now. 74m ounces. \~$283b worth. that’s not diversification. that’s exit strategy. away from treasuries. away from dollars. if your money can be turned off with a phone call, it’s not safe. it’s permission-based. and it’s not just governments. tether’s minting gold tokens now. digital, backed by the real thing. crypto traders buying actual gold without ever opening a vault. new buyers. old systems losing grip. gold’s not up because the world’s falling apart. it’s up because there are new buyers and old systems losing trust. this isn’t panic buying. the dollar runs on trust. gold runs on physics. when trust runs out, physics wins. it’s a reminder of what can’t be printed, hacked, or frozen. the oldest asset on earth just became the newest safe haven. would love to hear other's pov. dan from money machine newsletter
how to become a good commodities analyst all right, this sub is kind of quiet and it's a shame. with almost 9,000 readers it also seems like about half of you all are "new to commodities" looking to get your feet wet. we should have [more conversations like this one]( but to get there we need more people who know their industry. this is the first entry of my guide entitled *how to become a good commodities analyst*. if it's well received i'll write a part deux. i have about 10 years’ experience in agriculture, fertilizers, and a little bit in energy so this will largely view commodities through those lenses. others with similar or different experiences chime in below in the comments, i’m happy to learn how your opinions or resources differ from mine. lets start with what i think is the most important skill and habit to develop. i believe the absolute best way to be good at your job as a commodities analyst is to hoard data, all of it, on your hard drive and in your brain. the most frequently used data should be on your hard drive and it should be up-to-date. these are the models about which your boss will ask your opinions and reasoning. supply and demand models, pricing models and databases, tangential models that inform your s&d models, stuff you're in at least monthly. in your brain, you should hoard the location of infrequently used data. knowing what data is available in the universe will allow you to answer questions from your boss like "how does sun spot activity affect la niña severity and brazilian soybean yield". just knowing that a database of sunspot activity, la niña severity, and brazilian soybean yields exists somewhere will let you say, "i don't know, but i can let you know by 3pm". this differs from requests like "how many hopper rail cars does bnsf send through kansas on average in may", only bnsf knows that one. if you hoard the location of enough data, you'll be able to answer more ad hoc questions and have opinions about increasingly nuanced drivers of supply and demand. like, "how does ethanol profitability react to corn prices and what is the effect on grain elevator basis in northwest iowa", i don't keep have a model to answer that question, but my boss knows i'm the first person they talk to if something weird like that comes up. in terms of available data, there are three tiers of data: public, private, and proprietary. **public data** public data is exactly what it sounds like, it's provided directly by the government or has been legislated to be released to everyone for free (think public company quarterly reports). public data is where most of the important commodity data comes from and it's extremely important to know the largest reports and have opinions on what the next report is going to say. figure out what reports your boss or colleagues consider important, download the underlying historical data, know when it's released, and get comfortable with what drives each data series. for example, with corn the most important report is the [wasde report]( released monthly, and the most important drivers are ending stocks, demand, price, and supply. if you're in the united states, one thing our federal government does really well is provide an absolute trove of data on commodities especially for the economy, demographics, agriculture, & fossil fuels. in general, most developed economies have good public data. i would also say brazil and maybe argentina have good agriculture data. generally, the less independent the data departments are, the less you can trust the data (think china). i would argue that the u.s. and european union are the gold standards for trust in public data. > for agriculture become comfortable navigating usda.gov and all its department sites (nass, fas, ams, etc.), learn how to perform custom queries at [quickstats]( [psd online]( and all the local data from [ams market news]( > for energy, the eia.gov website has a staggering amount of data on prices and demand. i'm only in here on an ad hoc basis, so someone else can chime in, [but this page is a good place to start]( > demographics the [u.s. census bureau]( is where i go for u.s. population by segment, and [world bank]( for global, but there are other sources. > economic data you can get from the [bureau of labor statistics]( trade data comes from the [u.s. census]( and [international trade commission]( > for pricing data you usually need a subscription with a data aggregator, but often there are highly correlated public data series [like this one]( for commodities the [commitment of traders report]( is important to understand. **private data** private data costs money, sometimes a lot of money. if your boss has p&l responsibilities, they won't flinch if you come to them with a subscription that costs $5,000 per year. what this means though is that these services need to make you better at your job commensurate with the subscription costs. private data aggregation is highly competitive and very lucrative so there are large established firms (think bloomberg, ihs markit, etc.), medium firms (barchart.com), and startups (there are tons of weather and ai startups). even though it costs money, that doesn’t mean it’s bad. these companies earn their money for having better data, more data, or easier to format data than government sources. get comfortable with your firm’s data subscriptions and use that data. if you see that your firm isn’t using a service *tell your boss*, you’ll look like a rockstar and cancelling an unused service will pay a good chunk of your salary. if your google searches or industry contacts suggest a new service, research it, reach out to the service and ask for a demo and if they give free trials. if the demo with just you or a peer goes great and you see yourself using the service regularly, get the subscription cost and go talk to your boss. if they don’t fall out of their chair hearing the number, schedule another demo with them. if your boss likes it, get the free trial (if available) and use the service for a week and show your boss what is useful. you’ll look like a rockstar. finally, if your company has a bloomberg terminal, learn how to use it! bloomberg (the man) is a mega-billionaire because he figured out that firms will pay a lot of money for well formatted data. bloomberg (the company) effectively takes poorly formatted public data and reformats and indexes it. if you can work a bloomberg terminal, that should be your first stop for public data. they also are increasing the amount of private data they provide. it’s all in one place and it’s all formatted consistently. bloomberg terminal fluency is a marketable skill and it should be in your resume/cv, linkedin, and mentioned in every interview. **proprietary data** this is the data that only your company has and is likely underutilized. this would most likely be sales data (shipments, pricing, forward sales commitments, etc.). other proprietary data includes any databases **you** create by collecting your own data through web scraping, aggregating sales knowledge, etc. do this, you’ll look amazing if your data is ever useful. i’ve had my own proprietary data used in anti-trust cases, to justify investment decisions, and understand competitor decision making. having useful proprietary data is a great way to meet the c-suite in your first couple years at a firm. if you’re at a large firm you’re likely running some kind of sap system. in my experience these are painful to learn and there are usually just a few people who know how to pull information out. be that person. use the system, be able to quickly pull sales data with multiple qualifiers and dimensions (july sale prices and volumes shipped to montana sold in august). you’ll quickly be identified as a poweruser and your department vp will quickly know your name and come to you for data instead of sending in an it ticket. **in conclusion**, understanding where to find data is by far and away the most important skill to have as a commodities analyst. hoard actual data on your pc, but also hoard knowledge of what data is available, where it is, and what it is. a $5.00/bushel corn price will mean something different if it is the near-by futures contract, the new-crop contract, cash prices paid by all iowa farmers in june, or the price at an elevator in minnesota last friday. knowing whether relevant data is available, how fast you can access it, whether it’s trustworthy, and how fast you can analyze it to answer a question is 100 times more important than answering right away. but, for questions that come up frequently hoarding data and having it handy will give visitors an immediate answer and you’ll look like someone who knows your stuff. edit: formatting
for those trying to break into physical commodities... i've seen a bunch of posts over the last few weeks from different people all essentially asking the same question - how can i best position myself to break into/succeed in commodity trading. the questions are all slightly different, some are asking about the best degree, some are asking about additional skills that look good on a resume, some are asking about the best roles to target, and some are asking about how to become a trader. i'll try to clarify this topic now, caveat to this is that my background is in the metals space, but i'm fairly confident this applies across the commodity complex. any other senior people here on the energy/ags/softs side feel free to jump in if my advice would be different in your particular field. 1) you are not going to get a commercial role out of college. more to the point, you shouldn't want to get a commercial role out of college. too many people try to rush to commercial with eyes on a big bonus and flame out because they don't know enough. once you are a trader you will be given a very short rope so you want to make sure you are properly qualified before jumping into it. i'll say this as politely as i can - you can't really know anything about the industry as a 21/22 year old. it doesn't matter if you have a professor who told you you're the brightest they've seen. so much of commodity trading is learned on the job, so to think that you can jump from a degree to a commercial role is either arrogant or insane. 2) following on from this, if you are serious about a long term career that might end up in a trading role, you should be happy to target entry-level roles. middle-office (operator, scheduler, etc.) is the best bet because you are so involved in so many aspects of the business. you get exposure (depending on the company) to risk, finance, accounting, credit, front-office, and will learn the business from the ground up. if you can't get a role in the middle-office you shouldn't be shy about back-office. getting a foot in the door, asking questions to everyone you can without becoming annoying and generally being a sponge with information is crucial. finding a mentor in this industry that is willing to take the time and teach you is also worth its weight in gold. apply to grad schemes, but know that at the bigger trading shops they get literally thousands of applications and maybe offer 10-20 roles out each selection process. you should be working every angle possible - cold and warm contacts, emails, phone calls, linkedin, use any contact you have in the industry, ask people if you can buy them a coffee and pick their brain, call up and ask to speak to someone on the desk about their career. basically do whatever you can to build your network and develop connections in the industry. work with commodity-specific recruiters. a lot of recruiters are awful, but there are those that regularly place people at companies and know what you should have on your resume and where would be a good fit. this is a numbers game, and you should be prepared to get ignored a lot, but you only need one opening. you also shouldn't be only focusing on the majors/big trading houses. small to medium shops can be a great place to learn the business since they typically don't have the numbers of staff so your responsibilities might actually be more than if you were at a larger shop. 3) your degree is for the most part a means to an end, it's not going to matter whether you have a degree in a science based, maths-based, arts-based subject. are some subjects looked on more favorably than others, yes. but is it the be all end all, absolutely not. make smart choices about your degree but don't fret over small details. what you should be more focused on is can you have a conversation with someone without them feeling like you're an idiot, or smug, or arrogant, or a know-it-all. so much of hiring in commodities is based on whether someone wants to sit next to you for 9 hours a day without wanting to punch you. focus on being likeable and interesting, not the smartest. you should also be developing a genuine passion for the industry - you don't need to know the ins and outs, but if i ask you a question in an interview about where the industry might be headed, i don't want a response that tells me you just read a headline and that was it. no one is expecting you to come up with the next best trading idea, but they are expecting you to be able to have an opinion on current trends and the industry as a whole. speaking of degrees - masters in commodity trading...are they worth it? this really depends on the program. there are some like the msc at uni geneva that have great professors, and super high placement percentages, because you need to get an internship just to start the course. there are others that are frankly not worth the paper the degree is printed on. do your research, but if i was hiring and had the choice between someone with 1-2 years ops experience and someone with a masters in commodity trading i'd choose the person with actual experience every single time. 4) in terms of skills you want to be developing, far too many people worry about whether they need coding or not. is it a plus if you have it, sure. is it going to hold you back, not really unless you want to be a quant at a commodities fund or sit on an analyst desk coming up with s&d models. languages are a massive plus, but you also really need to focus on your soft skills. this is a relationship driven industry. if you can't develop relationships, even in the middle-office, you're not going to have a long career. you should also be practicing your interview skills. if you're working with a recruiter they should already be doing mock interviews with you, but get people you know to interview, the stranger they are to you the better. make yourself uncomfortable so that when you do finally get an interview you are familiar with the process and not sitting there a bag of nerves. 5) don't be industry specific. almost all of the skills you acquire at the start of your career will be 100% transferable across all commodities. are there nuances to each commodity, of course. but if you get focused on only getting into metals, or oil, or any other commodity, you are drastically narrowing the opportunities that are open to you. your main focus should be to get into any role in a commodities shop, on any commodity. get a grounding in the industry, if you're good at your job, you'll be desirable and you can worry about being specific later in your career. 6) the industry rewards being geographically mobile. this doesn't mean that you're definitely going to need to switch continents to land a job. but applying to roles outside of your current location helps to increase your chances. plus if you want a long career in this industry, be prepared to travel, a lot. alright, i think that's it for now but if i think of anything else major then i'll add it to the post. good luck to everyone trying to get into this industry, it is a fantastic space to be in, particularly at this time and there is plenty of opportunity, but it's also very competitive so just keep plugging away until you find your spot.
iama professional commodities trader.. ama title basically encapsulates it all. my mandate covers us power and gas markets. i manage physical and financial assets for a large trade house. would be happy to answer questions for you folks. things i won't respond to: hiring inquiries compensation specifics strategies employed/deployment other than that, it's slow for next couple of days. hope to clarify things you may have wondered about related to the career and field.
copper trader sold me sub-standard copper and mistreated my subordinate i am a large industrial buyer of copper based in mesopotamia. recently, i had problems with a new supplier based in ur. not only did he sell me substandard copper in violation of our contractual agreement, but when my subordinate contacted him to address the matter, he was highly offensive and mistreated my subordinate. this is unacceptable behavior. what recourse do i have in this situation? i have already informed the guilds. would appreciate any advice.
writing a book on oil trading i'm currently working on a book about the fundamentals of oil trading, drawing from my experience at two major physical trading houses, where i traded crude, fuel oil, and relative value paper across the barrel. the book is aimed at newcomers and those in the early stages of their careers, with a focus on explaining the key concepts in a straightforward, non-academic way. i’d love to hear if there are any specific questions or topics you'd like covered—things that could help demystify oil trading for you. this will help me ensure the book is as practical and helpful as possible!
how to become a good commodities analyst (part deux) this is part deux in my how to be a good commodities analyst series. the first was well received ([find it here]( and focused on, in my opinion, the most important fundamental skill required to be a good analyst: learning where data is, what it means, and how you should store that data. in this entry, i’ll start conceptually about our industry and our role as analysts, build a foundation of how markets should work, and explain how the basis of our job is to explain why they didn’t, aren’t, or won’t work like they should. #####our industry and our role as analysts we’ll start more theoretically for a moment about our industry. commodities exist in a unique and extremely important position in the global economy. we are the building blocks of literally everything made. there is no louis vuitton without the cattle industry, there is no gmc without iron ore mining, and there is no amazon without global freight. without commodities there are no finished goods. this means commodities are traded at volumes that are orders of magnitude larger than finished products. since our products are defined by an adherence to a universal standard, there are low barriers to entry and marginal cost is the primary decision factor behind transactions. in layman’s terms, anyone who has a commodity that adheres to its minimum specs at the lowest price gets to sell all their product. this is called marginal willingness to sell. conversely a business willing to pay more than the prevailing price will get to buy all they want. this is the marginal willingness to buy. we’ll revisit these later. as analysts, it’s our job to do something that is impossible: predict markets. i mean this without a hint of irony. because our markets *usually* have low barriers to entry, low transaction costs, a high number of participants, and transparent transactions they *should* be about as close to a no-arbitrage market as theoretically possible. this means that any information that affects price will immediately be acted upon and that information a) becomes public and worthless or b) exploited, incorporated into the prevailing price, and become worthless. the structure of our no-arbitrage market means it is impossible to predict prices of any commodity with any kind of predictable accuracy (there are exceptions, but that’s another discussion). the reason we’re paid to try is twofold. one, without analysis, our bosses and stakeholders don’t have good reasons to make market decisions. analysts spend time understanding the prevailing price, its drivers, and making assumptions about how those factors may change over the investment window. they then present those to their bosses for them to make decisions. two, as long as our stakeholders don’t make the **opposite** decision of their competitors, they don’t look bad. if we do our job right and our contemporaries at competing companies do the job in a similar way, our bosses will make roughly the right choice most of the time. or if not, they have a paper trail of reasoning why they made a decision. that does not mean you’re the fall guy if things go sour, a good boss will shield you from being a scapegoat. though it does mean you have more responsibility than your paycheck probably reflects. as a rule, if a competitor diverted from your firm’s prevailing thinking and beat the market your superiors will think they were lucky before smart. if they trailed market performance, they were dumb before unlucky. if your company beat the market, you were smart before lucky. if your firm underperformed against the market, you were unlucky before dumb. in reality, everyone is (un)lucky before dumb/smart. don’t be afraid to be wrong. we’re all wrong, all the time. in my experience my superiors are forward looking, have a short memory, and very rarely conduct post-mortem analysis. commodities markets move quickly, randomly, and the assumptions that support your analysis are invalid the moment you hit send. #####how markets should work all that being said, how *should* commodity markets work? the price of a commodity is the intersection of supply and demand. with commodities, this often includes the price at a location and at a delivery time. this equals the marginal cost of supply + freight + local costs + time risk/cost of capital + transaction costs. for instance, the fob price of corn at new orleans in 20 days *should be* the cash price at an elevator on the mississippi river + up/through onto a barge + barge freight down to nola + up/through onto a vessel + the price risk for the 20+ days while product is in transit. most of the time you can assume transaction costs are zero. an example where transaction costs are not zero would be any transaction subject to actual or the threat of tariffs or countervailing duties or import taxes. why should markets work this way? that’s econ 101, and we won’t get into it. our job as analysts is to explain why markets didn’t, aren’t, or won’t act that way using the data we hoarded in my part one. #####didn’t, aren’t, or won’t in my experience, my stakeholders care most about won’t, second about aren’t, and forget about why markets didn’t act as expected. when trying to answer these questions, you should leverage three assumptions: occam's razor, random walk, and asymmetrical information. * occam’s razor when performing analysis on something as complex as commodities, i feel it’s incredibly important to differentiate between noise and driving factors. this is where occam’s razor comes in, which states that the answer that depends on the fewest assumptions is likely to be the correct one. identify the factors in your market that account for most of the price movement. in grains, i look at us production, brazil production, and chinese consumption. changes to the assumptions behind those three factors probably account for 80% of market movements. as such, i spend 80% of my time analyzing factors that affect those outcomes. does the indian monsoon outlook affect international grain trade? sure. is it the reason corn went up $0.03/bu yesterday? almost always no. do this for every line in your s&d balances. find the few most important drivers and attempt to analyze and predict those. you obviously need to be aware of the secondary and tertiary drivers, but don’t overweight your time on those because they’re unlikely to be market movers over any investment window. * random walk commodities prices are by definition the weighted average intersection between the marginal willingness to sell and the marginal willingness to buy. at any moment, that intersection may be driven by hedge funds looking for alpha, commercial buyers hedging for their business, or elon musk tweeting a meme. since jan 1, 2000 a full 84% of nearby oil contracts have closed within 3% of the previous close, more than would be expected with a normal distribution. sometimes, prices just move because motivations are fickle and market movement is unusual. if prices move within normal ranges, occam’s razor says it’s noise. * asymmetrical information if markets are moving and it’s not obvious why, assume someone else knows more than you and the market has temporarily moved away from a no-arbitrage market. if your boss is muttering, “why would they do that? they’re idiots!”, that’s a red flag and a bull horn that says you need to dive into your models and start identifying factors that explain the behavior. hypothesize what might make a company act a certain way and then dive into your rolodex of data that you’ve hoarded (part one) and start making connections. don’t go to your stake holders and say something like, “company x is selling today because they have high inventory”. whomever you’re telling already knows that. if you can correlate or corroborate that behavior with data, you’re a superstar. further, you’re made a new model that can be updated and used to predict future conditions. as the famous quote by w. edwards deming goes, “in god we trust. all others must bring data.” creativity is a huge part of being a good analyst. make connections between datasets that haven’t been made before. using a personal example, my firm was getting hammered by asymmetrical trades at a clearinghouse. someone was selling small volumes at steadily declining prices that were incongruent with prevailing market expectations. i used a dataset that included the names of traders with physical inventory, where the inventory came from, and when it was delivered. on its own, that data is valuable. i combined it with a pricing series and made assumptions about when traders had inventory in-transit to the clearinghouse. it turns out, prices were overwhelmingly likely to decline when just three firms had inventory in-transit to the clearinghouse. prices while everyone else had inventory in-transit had average returns. i didn’t know why, but i presented those results to my vp. turns out, the volume that was in-transit for those three firms was priced on delivery. they pushed prices down with low volume transactions until their large shipments were delivered, after which they pushed prices higher. that analysis had never been done before and my results ended up before the bod to help explain prices. we weren’t unlucky, and our competitors weren’t stupid. i brought data to explain a behavior. #####conclusion that’s what being a good analyst is. understand your market and how it should work in a no-arbitrage environment. forecast how the market should evolve using those assumptions. then, make assumptions about why the market might deviate from those assumptions and reiterate your forecast. when markets don’t work as they should or as you’ve forecasted, revisit your data and find new factors. bring data with well defined assumptions to your stakeholders and present your results. they will take that information and make the best decisions for the firm based on those conditions. if we do our jobs well, they won’t make the obviously wrong decision. edit: formatting
how to become a commodity trader i see a lot of posts asking about how to break into commodities so i will share my experience. i work as a trader in agriculture markets, but i would bet this translates to other commodities. step 1: move to the middle of nowhere and take an entry level job. i had to move far from home and take a job as a merchandiser to get started. to get your foot in the door you have to do what others dont want to do, and often live where a lot of people don’t want to live. step 2: work entry level jobs for a few years. you can’t just become a trader, you have to learn the nitty gritty details of the business first. you won’t become a successful commodities trader without knowing how the supply chain works. step 3: move a couple more times, and learn more about the business. rotating through a few roles seems common in commodities. knowing different areas of the business gives you a strong foundation. step 4: if you make it this far and are still in the business, eventually you will come across an opening on a trading desk. take it, and provide value to the guy in charge. once he trusts you, you will get more and more responsibility in the trading decisions of the company. i don’t think commodities trading is as glamorous as people think. it’s a competitive business and the only way to learn is from the ground up. it doesn’t really matter what you studied in college, what matters is the willingness to do what others won’t. it is an interesting career path with lots of opportunity, but it’s not a get rich quick career. this is just one man’s experience, i am sure there are other ways. good luck, cb
and then there is this guy... "how this 31-year-old made $250mn in 30 months" christopher eppinger kept trading russian oil when sanctions meant others stopped. [ makes me wonder why he's going public, ego or to cover his arse?
the great copper arbitrage of 2025: a trader’s playbook *how a tariff scare created, and then erased a once-in-a-lifetime trade between cme and lme copper.* historically, the arbitrage between cme and lme copper prices has ranged from flat to around $150/mt in either direction. the difference in price between the two copper markets is largely driven by the different supply and demand pictures between the us - where physical copper contracts utilize the cme for pricing - and the rest of the world, where the lme is utilized for physical copper contracts. occasionally you would get spikes above this range, often linked to backwardations on one of the markets, some organic and some influenced by traders. then a couple of times in recent years there have been some drastic moves that have driven the arb much wider than its normal range, where speculative traders have been caught in short squeezes. however, these squeezes are relatively short-lived. once traders have exited their positions, the market calms down and regular business resumes. what we saw on the cme/lme copper arbitrage between february and august 2025 was unprecedented. both in outright value, trade opportunity, and duration. # the trump 232 catalyst in february 2025, donald trump announced a **section 232** investigation into copper imports to the usa via an executive order. this investigation has been used before on steel and aluminum products, that resulted in steep tariffs being applied to imports for those metals. given trump's penchant for tariffs, the market took this announcement to mean that tariffs on copper imports were imminent. the question at that time was not if, but *when* and *how high* the tariffs would be. the us consumes around 1.7 million tons of refined copper each year, and of that demand, imports around 900,000mt (2024). the vast majority of these imports are from chile, canada, and peru. the 232 investigation was to be completed within 270 days, and then the president would have an additional 90 days after the 270-day investigation concludes to decide what tariff level was appropriate. however, traders did not wait to start making trades on the prospect of tariffs. the cme/lme copper arbitrage jumped in a matter of days to a cme premium over lme of **$800/mt**. # why copper reacted differently to aluminum but why was cme copper now being pushed higher? when the tariffs were announced on aluminum the cme aluminum price did not sky rocket. the difference on copper is that the cme copper contract is a **duty paid, customs cleared** contract. in order to deliver copper into a cme warehouse, the product must be cleared for domestic consumption in the us. however, you can deliver copper warrants to the lme duty unpaid, customs uncleared. the aluminum contract on **both** the lme and cme is **duty unpaid, customs uncleared**. where the tariff was felt in the aluminum market was in a drastic increase in the us **premium**. on copper, the outright price of cme copper was reflecting the *potential* import tariff cost. $800/mt is a sizeable difference for two essentially identical products. in fact there are plenty of copper brands that are deliverable to both lme and cme warehouses. physical traders saw this opportunity and grabbed it with both hands. an arbitrage trade for physical material is necessary to move your futures short position from your purchase market to your intended sale market. in this example, traders would: * buy physical priced on the lme/sell lme futures * sell physical priced on the cme/buy cme futures * execute an arb trade selling cme futures/buying lme futures * this squares their lme short position and cme long, and allows them to capture the value between the cme and the lme. if traders could buy physical copper outside of the us that was priced on the lme, they could then transport that copper to the us and either sell it to a physical consumer, or (if it was a cme brand of copper) deliver it to a cme warehouse as warrants. this would give them the physical positions needed to execute the arbitrage and lock in their profits. let's say a trader could pay a physical premium in europe for cme branded copper of $100/mt. with logistics costs to move metal from in-warehouse europe (or any other row location) to a cme warehouse location in the us with port access (such as new orleans or baltimore) of around $100-150/mt, traders were looking at p&ls in the range of $600/mt based on an $800 arb level. all they had to do was get the material to the us **before** any tariffs were implemented. given the 270 day horizon for the investigation to finish and the additional 90 days for trump to decide, traders got to work buying up copper and preparing to ship to the us. that kind of profit on a refined metal trade is nearly unheard of. what followed was a scramble to buy as much refined copper cathode as traders could finance that was priced on the lme. cathode premiums for purchases in row started to move up as sellers looked to capture the increased demand. they did not increase to the level of the arbitrage because there was still risk in this trade. if tariffs came in before traders could get material to the us then profits would disappear (more on that later), but sellers of cathode were still in a position to capitalize. concurrently, us refined copper premiums were falling off a cliff as traders looked to book as many physical shorts as possible. not every copper producer is eligible for cme delivery, so in order to really take full advantage, traders needed physical consumers as delivery points in addition to the cme warehouses. with every new rumor that came out, the cme/lme arbitrage level oscillated up and down, but the general trend was the cme premium pushing ever higher over the lme. the cme price moved up to *$1000/mt* over the lme, then *$1200*, then *$1500*. as trump continued to deliver on his promises of protectionism, including vast across the board tariffs on pretty much every nation globally (ironically known as liberation day in april), the market was convinced a copper tariff was inevitable. rumors of hundreds of thousands of tons being moved from row to the us on container and bulk vessels, as traders were now locking in profits of over $1000/mt as long as the metal arrived before tariffs were implemented. at one point there were even traders that looked into chartering cargo planes to **fly** copper to the us. in june, commerce secretary lutnick delivered the report earlier than required. the conclusion was that copper imports threaten national security and tariffs were recommended. at this point the trade became both increasingly profitable, and increasingly risky. the arbitrage was pushing to levels of $2000/mt cme over lme. however, given how quickly trump had been acting on tariffs, there was a real danger that a trader could buy material, lock in the arb, but fail to get material to the us before tariffs were implemented. even at a $2000/mt arb level, if a tariff of 25% was implemented, the **import cost** for cathode would rise to \~$2500 with a copper price of around $10,000/mt at the time. in this case, the trader would now be losing +$500/mt if they were to import metal to the us. their alternatives were not great either. they could of course buy lme material, ship it to the us, and not execute arb. this would give them greater flexibility in diverting the material should tariffs be implemented prior to arrival. however, if tariffs failed to materialize, the arb would likely decrease and their profits to deliver to the us would disappear. they could also execute arb, and still hope to get material to the us in time. but if they failed to, they would face a decision to import and pay the tariff, with the hope that the level was lower than their executed arbitrage. or, re-route vessels and unwind their arb trade at whatever the market was at the time. both of these options would likely be costly. but by and large, traders still thought that this was a risk worth taking and more material flowed to the us. by this point enough material had been successfully delivered to the us that traders' mindset was "if we get burned on these last few shipments we're still extremely profitable so the risk is still worth it". # the 50% shock on july 8th president trump makes an off-hand comment in a cabinet meeting. while off-the-cuff remarks by trump are fairly standard, this one sent shockwaves through the copper market. trump announced a **blanket 50% tariff on copper imports**. at that point he did not state when the tariff would be implemented but cme copper prices did not wait to find out. they rocketed up 17% in the space of a few minutes after the announcement. when the lme opened for trading the following day, the arb reached levels of over **$3000/mt**. for traders that were waiting to book their arb trades, they were now executing at profit levels of over $2500/mt, a once in a lifetime trade. the following day, it was confirmed that copper tariffs would go into effect on august 1st. this gave traders a 3 week window to move as much material as they could to the us to avoid paying import duties and still retain their profits. arb levels were still not at the 50% of the cme copper price that you might expect, as there was a lot of talk that there would be exemptions, quotas, or that the levels of 50% would be cut to 25%, which is approximately the level the arb floated at for the next few weeks. as we approached the august deadline, chile, one of the main suppliers of cathode to the us, floated the idea that chilean imports would be exempt. this rumor brought the arb down from $3000/mt to around $2500/mt. this was also the stage that rumors began flying that tariffs may not be as blanket as originally thought. there may be different tariffs on different categories of copper. there was also a quiet confidence that the 50% level was not realistic based on the inflationary ramifications it would have, and that 25% seemed to be the consensus. # the twist on july 30th trump surprised markets by announcing the final tariffs details two days early. the shock in the announcement was that refined copper cathode would be entirely **exempt** from import duties. instead, semi-finished copper products (copper pipes, wires, rods, sheets, and tubes) and copper-intensive derivative products (pipe fittings, cables, connectors, and electrical components) would have the full 50% tariff enforced. the impact of the announcement was as immediate as the cabinet meeting 50% comment. but this time the effect was in the opposite direction. cme copper dropped over $1/lb ($2200/mt) in a straight line - the biggest one-day decline on record. the impact on the cme/lme copper arbitrage was just as violent. from trading at levels of $2500/mt cme over lme just one day prior, when the lme opened up for trading on july 31st, the arbitrage had moved to flat (cme and lme copper were the same price). in fact for a brief time the lme actually traded at a **premium** to the cme. traders that had metal on the water were no longer at risk of paying an import duty upon arrival. so for those that had locked in arb trades already, their profits were secured once the copper reached the us. however, for those traders that were waiting to lock in arb - perhaps believing in the 50% tariff number and waiting to achieve arb levels of $5000/mt or more, they were now faced with a drastic decrease in profits. because the arbitrage was now trading flat, there was no benefit to delivering the metal to a cme short. their potential profits of 1000s of dollars per ton was wiped out in an instant. as the saying goes...pigs get slaughtered. so what is the fallout from this 6-month will-they-won't-they and the actual implemented tariffs? first, it would appear there was a sizeable amount of metal that traders were indeed waiting to execute arbitrage trades on. rumors that lme warehouses are no longer taking bookings for warrants due to traders rushing to deliver copper and filling up warehouse space. without the enormous profit levels that were on offer previously, traders can't afford to keep financing this metal. they need physical homes asap and warranting in an lme warehouse is the quickest way to reduce positions. secondly, the highs in the outright price of copper where even lme was testing $10k while cme was setting all-time-highs appear to be over for now. this trade was never about an actual increase in global demand for copper but traders taking advantage of an anomaly that has come and gone. how much this weakness spills over into the rest of the complex remains to be seen but there was certainly a bearish mood last week across the board. premiums on copper in the row are likely to fall as demand to bring material to the us disappears. at the same time, cathode premiums in the us are likely to remain depressed for the foreseeable as there is now a glut of copper freely available. until that metal makes its way through the system importers will have to compete and it will remain a buyer's market. this event has undoubtedly created some huge profits for the traders that were willing to take the risk and had the capability to move metal around the world. but it has also highlighted the often day-to-day, sometimes even second-by-second nature of physical commodities. the ability to react to an ever-changing global picture, that is often influenced not just by supply and demand but by geopolitical impacts, is essential to success in this industry.
just got hired at axe capital. dreams come true. after years of grinding spreadsheets and pretending to care about p&l, i’ve officially joined axe capital. the biggest hedge fund in ny they said i “have a killer instinct" the ceo bobby “axe” axelrod started as a working-class kid from yonkers, now runs one of the most awesome hedge funds in the world. net worth? multi billion dollars, can afford a country himself he’s a genius trader with the emotional stability of a crypto chart. one moment he’s donating $100 million to charity, the next he’s shorting the same charity’s endowment for fun. the espresso machine in the office costs more than my car. the guy next to me shorted a small country before lunch. and hr told me “morality is optional but profits are mandatory.” wish me luck. i’m either gonna make it big... or end up in a federal investigation.
recently, this sub has become quite unreadable just a little funny to me. i've been lurking for longer than i've posted and previously there were genuinely great discussions about trends in commodity markets, how various actors and their actions affected or will affect various markets, and just generally a decent vibe. i was able to gather some really nice insights, with some of them being actionable or reaffirming. but recently, most new posts fall into one of two categories 1) "i like money and i have done zero research but i want to get into trading because i heard trading makes me money. i am the first person to think like this so let me just post" 2) "i am a student and want to get into trading because i either watched billions or read twfs. let me ask what my personal chances are and how i can proceed with two paragraphs of information" i say this with love in my heart - if you're asking how to get into trading, you are not the type of person that will succeed on a floor. you must be self sufficient and look for information on your own. would you go to your boss and just constantly tell him problems and expect him to solve shit for you? no! the m.o. for any professional is to go ask for help iff you've come across multiple solutions to your problem and need advice on how to filter that down.
could you help expand my list of commodity trading companies in europe that offer junior or graduate positions? i just wanted to let you know that there are numerous different types of companies on the list. some are oil majors, some are huge trading houses, some are utilities and some are small power trading firms. many of them offer yearly graduate positions in different locations, while others only occasionally offer junior positions. nevertheless, i hope this list will be helpful. feel free to add further companies, if you know any. * bp * shell * totalenergies * exxonmobil * sefe marketing and trading * equinor * outlook energy * eni * edf trading * centrica * rwe * uniper * e-on * statkraft * dare * onyx * glencore * trafigura * gunvor * louis dreyfus * cargill * bunge * adm * cofco * viterra * vattenfall * castleton commodities * hartree partners * danske commodities * norlys energy trading * nitor energy * energi danmark * incommodities * mft energy * convex energy * stx group * act commodities * northpool * eneco * triland metals * engelhart * energia group (belfast) * macquarie group
how much do commodity traders actually get paid? hi. i am currently an intern on a trading desk at an investment bank (not commodities) in london but i have recently been researching into commodities trading and it has definitely intrigued me and made me think more about the career path i want to take.
if you are a new intern on a trading desk then beware of recruiters. when i was an intern on prop gas trading desk i started receiving calls very early on from recruiters. the first stupid thing i started believing was that finally i am the 1% candidate that people chase and i will never have to worry about finding another job as i have endless opportunities. someone who started in back office this was a self esteem boost and this over inflated my ego. putting philosophy aside i just want to say that this industry is always shrinking so there is almost never a point when you are the prize. recruiters called me to get information about my trading desk. initially they told me that they are recruiting for a trading team and creating a pipeline of candidates to start next year. this could be true but the main aim is that they get the information out of you for the senior in your team. my false sense of security became a problem when i was applying for roles and did not get response from hiring managers at the end of my internship. my desk did not perform well so they couldn't extend me a permanent offer. to summarize: stay grounded. be careful when communicating with recruiters. there are good recruiters also so don't shut yourself down to everyone. just be careful. edit: name recruiters with whom you had bad experience.
i’m a junior trader hi guys hope all is well. i'm a junior trader in energy commodities, focusing on natural gas and emissions. recently, our natural gas quant analyst left, and i've been tasked with his responsibilities. specifically, i need to model how changes in weather extremes will affect gas demand in china. this involves building a supply and demand model for china, as we want to analyze gas inventories and lng imports to price changes in the european gas market. while countries like japan and south korea also demand lng, they aren't building new terminals and don't show the same demand growth as china. therefore, my focus is on the variable factors affecting china's demand. can anyone recommend modelling techniques or research papers to help me get back up to speed and use in my python code. thankyou in advance
is it just me or this sub is getting more and more active? i joined a few months ago and in the last couple months i noticed an increasing number of posts and interesting discussions. do you think the industry is getting more and more well-known and mainstream? or is it just people realising this sub exist? whichever of them holds i'm happy with these developments.
physical gas trading i have seen a lot of people who want to get into physical gas trading. i had a lot of people help me a long the way and it wasn’t easy coming from a small school. i would like to pay it forward. would y’all be interested if i talked about the basics of gas?
regression/ml modeling in commodities currently delving into a python project to build a fully automatable u.s. s&d model for crude. i'm using the eia api to quickly pull and filter data but i'm struggling with what data to actually use as inputs for the model. should i use both supply and demand data as inputs or is just inventories fine? i guess i'm struggling with what the best practice actually is...i know using rolling regressions is somewhat commonplace in s&t at banks but can any traders or analysts comment on what kind of inputs i should be using, what kind of ml model makes the most sense, key things to keep in mind when creating such a model, etc. i don't want to create anything overly complicated just a bit lost on what sort of analysis is actually considered valuable on the trade floor. thanks!
can someone explain what it means when the crude oil futures curve looks like this? 12 months cl contract curve
energy trader - books to read dear readers, i would like to read some books related to energy trading, as natural gas, lng, oil, electricity. my objective is to work for an energy trading firm in europe. i have 4+ years of operations experience in the natural gas transportation sector and know some commercial parts related to that: matching, balancing etc. any suggestion? appreciate it. p.s.: i found this book interesting, but is for the american market mostly: [
i spent my weekend licking batteries, can i be a power trader? like the title says, i’ve spent the last few days licking 9 volt batteries and now my hair is standing on edge. how many more volts do i need to start trading power?
vitol traders "aren't motivated by money" says their ceo. but there is this: $6.5 billion to their traders they are the "kings". 'getting to trade for them is like becoming a doctor: you'll have to "clean a lot of bed pans in training" before they let you in the operating theater. one doesn't just walk in and start trading 10, 2,000,000 bbl ulccs. one starts in coding, contracts, scheduling or risk, doing grunt work, learning the business, solving problems or improving processes to get "noticed" and then one day you're picked out of the un-social group and taught "the secret sauce" of their business but don't get to revved up about "making money". it's sort of vulgar in a way for them. [
former commodity traders that transitioned out of trading, what do you do now and what sparked the change? learnt that glencore’s head of analytics was a successful trader before transitioning to lead analytics at glencore. with so many people gunning for the trader title, curious to know about the people who have gone the opposite way.
those working in power trading, what’s your day like? if possible, please also state what type of company you work for (utility, ipp, prop firm, hedge fund, etc.) and what your role is. i’m curious what your day is like in power trading
agriculture commodities trader - ama i trade on an us grains and oilseeds export desk at a global trade house. ama. using a throwing away account for anonymity due to maybe sharing proprietary information. >thanks all for the questions hope you found it insightful
what technical skills are normally expected for commodity graduate/junior positions? how much should candidates know about the industry's intricacies? how much should they follow the market? what about trading with derivatives or hedging? what about risk management? also, i am interested in all 'company classes': majors (shell, bp), trading houses (trafi, gunvor), utilities (rwe, edf) or even the agri abcds. this is such a fascinating industry, but it is so hard to determine how to prepare for interviews/applications. many thanks for any insights!
building “commodity atlas” --- a live, interactive way to learn and visualize fundamentals of commodities hi everyone.. we are currently developing a web application called commodity atlas and love to get your feedback and ideas as we are nearing the end of creating the product. this project is born out of our own frustration...while there are plenty of data for stock traders, there's no intuitive, visually engaging tool for learning about and exploring the fundamentals of commodities, their life cycle, geographical distribution, global impact, and economic connections. instead of just data, we want people to fundamentally understand where each commodity is mined, produced, refined, and consumed, major exporters/importers and supply chains and companies involved in each stage of the commodity lifecycle, connections between commodities, forex markets, and financial instruments, overview of factors that affect commodity prices (supply, demand, macro events) the idea is to make learning about commodities as intuitive. i’ve attached a couple of screenshots from the product we are developing. it’s early-stage, but the core functionality is already there — dynamic maps, commodity details, listed company integration, and some early visualizations. we need your feedback since many of you are traders, analysts, or just commodity curious, we love to know, 1. what do you think of the application? 2. what features would you like to see? 3. are there other tools or apps you already use that you'd want this to complement or improve upon? you can be brutally honest...it’ll help us a lot. thanks in advance!
most important thing to know about commodity trading? hello i might start a job in the sales department of a commodity & derivatives trading company later this year. problem is, though, that i have absolurtely zero experience with finance, trading and commodities. what, in your opinion, is the most important thing to know in the industry? if you can recommend some sources to learn, i'd be very grateful. i've started listening to some podcasts and am trying to compile a reading list but it's slow going. i know i am a fish out of water, but the ceo of the company really wants me for the job so i suppose i must have something that makes me at least a little bit suitable. i'd like to do my best not to dissapoint. thanks edit: i'll also have to take the cisi exams
book recommendations: already read world for sale i have 11 days off in the beginning of july, looking for some poolside reading. please share recommendations for books for someone that has already read and enjoyed world for sale, hoping for something similar.
best time of day for an ama in a couple of weeks i’ll be hosting an ama where people can ask me advice/questions about: breaking into the commodity industry, physical commodity trading/derivative commodity trading/commodity education/my experience in the industry/book writing/any other topic. question for the community - what time of day works for the widest number of people to benefit? i’ll be hosting from est so just put what time zone you’re in and i’ll work out best timing from there.
why did glencore choose to go public aren’t commodity trading houses usually known for keeping a low profile? going public and releasing financial reports seems totally against that mindset. currently i read “the world for sale”, traders, whatever they are from glencore, marc rich’s or trafigura, kept mentioning they didn’t want their financials or trading activities to be exposed to outsiders. even now, trafigura hasn’t listed. so why did glencore decide to go public, wasn’t that kind of tying its own hands?
who makes more money: hedge fund traders or commodity traders at top firms? i’ve been wondering about this and would love to hear insights from people in the industry. who tends to make more money as a trader: -> a hedge fund trader at firms like millennium, point72, jane street, optiver, imc, drw or -> a commodity trader at top trading houses like glencore, trafigura, vitol? curious how comp, bonuses, and long-term career earnings compare between these two paths.
best books on physical commodity trading? hey all, i’m after insights on real-world trading strategies, market dynamics, supply chains, or anything that breaks down the nuts and bolts of the industry beyond the basics. what books have you found genuinely valuable for understanding physical commodities? appreciate any leads. thanks.
do traders actually use satellite data? and would a 2-5% accuracy lift matter? hi everyone, i'm a researcher (quantum ml) working on new computer vision models, applied to ag satellite analysis (corn, soy, palm, etc.). our models are showing a *potential* 2-5 percentage point accuracy lift over standard satellite forecasts in yield estimation. but before we spend more time into this, we're trying to figure out if this *actually* matters to practitioners. i have a few honest questions for any traders, analysts, or quants here: 1. do you/your desk *actually* pay for proprietary satellite data, or do you mostly just trade off usda/official reports? or other alternative data ? 2. if you *do* use it, is a 2-5pp accuracy lift in accuracy enough to switch providers ? 3. if not, what is the pain point with satellite data, and why is it not worth it ? i'm not selling anything. just trying to validate if we're working on a real problem or just a "cool" academic one. thanks for any perspective.
nat gas trader but i see no "career path" **hello everyone,** looking for some career advice. **some context first:** i joined a shipper five years ago as a natural gas middle-office analyst, and somehow managed to transition into a physical natural gas trading role. this path is actually pretty common in companies like mine—very few people start directly as gas traders. the typical route is more like scheduling → trading or risk → trading. i’ve been trading physical natural gas in europe for about 18 months now. my exposure is limited to european markets—no henry hub, no aeco, just a bit of jkm here and there. the role is mostly focused on commercial hedging, not prop trading. most of the division’s revenue comes from commercial contracts. the job itself feels quite "closed": in the morning, we submit spread orders; in the afternoon, we try to close open positions at the price index used for delivery. it can get challenging—tracking all open positions across hubs and balancing everything to the mwh—but there’s not much of a research component. we already know the volumes we need to handle based on commercial contracts. often, clients change their volumes, and we have to rebalance. ttf is relatively straightforward, but some hubs can get messy—like when the french strikes happened and i had to balance 100,000 mwh, or when etrm systems bust and i need to contact the tso to get track of nominations. **concerns** : there’s no real "alpha" generation in the role, and i don’t have access to the company’s assets to do any speculative or structured trading. maybe that part comes with experience, but i’m not sure. my concern is that this kind of position could be at risk in the future. it’s stressful, sure, but it’s not rocket science. i’m thinking the best move might be to start doing research/analysis in my spare time, since i can’t really dig into data during work hours. not that there aren’t slow periods, but building a script or doing proper analysis takes 3–4 hours of deep focus, which is hard to come by when you have to constantly monitor physical nominations. i started when i was 24 so i'm reaching 30 soon, so quite old. that's why i'm thinking a lot about my future in the industry. happy to take dm for advice. :)
ama - european energy prop trader hi all, i'm fairly new to reddit, just trying to do my part and connect with the community. i'm a paper trader for the european energy complex, primarly brent bastket + emmissions but periodaclly i do take expsore in ttf. seeing as there a lot of young talent is looking to find their way in trading world. i thought i'd see what i can do to support and share my insights pass on general guidance! feel free to ask and i'll reply as best as i can. >off for now. happy to continue answering questions as best i can over the coming days :) thank you all for the pleasant idea exchange & i hope it provided some help.
anyone done a good few years and moved out of a trading role? really exhausted from high touch trading on a lean team. basically working two jobs doing all the tech and trading (client and spec). money is decent but no time to spend it or go to the gym. eat lunch at my desk and work all 3 windows. have some offers as a senior ba/advisor on commodity systems on not bad money and a great (normal) work life balance. i know traders think about it but want to see if anyone has made the move.
who are some good oil & gas analysts to follow on twitter? thanks
grain short covering (commitments of traders update) it's obvious to anyone in the grain markets that there have been some bullish developments for the past several weeks...starting from russian weather to brazilian flooding and us planting delays (too wet - although it is not a disaster yet). this has been reflected well when looking at prices, but also when looking at the commitments of traders (cot) report. just this week the commitments of traders report showed the funds swing their net position by about +300,000 futures contracts across the major grains and oilseed futures. this is huge for the ag complex and we even saw a \*record\* net short covering in soybean futures by over \~107 thousand contracts. we're only bringing this up to the group because we are seeing the funds (smart money) that trade supply and demand get less bearish about grains and that could be a developing story over the next 1-6 months with plenty of opportunity for traders to reposition themselves as bulls. below is a recap of the positions and the net changes week to week (position as of tuesday may 7th) corn -102,513 (+115,527) soybeans -41,453 (+107,783 record change) wheat (minneapolis) -3,010 (+6,284) wheat (kansas city) -24,013 (+5,597) wheat (chicago) -42,360 (+5,507) click here to see the full breakdown and then choose which commodity if you want to see charts for each respective grain or oilseed futures contract -> [commitments of traders report - fund positions overview](
uranium: the train is leaving the station ​ ​ hi everyone, i hope you had a great week! our small community is growing fast and i can’t express how grateful i am to share my thoughts with each and every one of you. [share the road out of serfdom]( in this week’s installment of the road out of serfdom, we will discuss a question that i get asked all the time. how long do we need to wait to see the real bull market begin? as if the last 6 months were not interesting enough already. that being said, i think it is important that investor have a mental map of what the next 2 to 5 years in uranium equities in order to pace themselves along the way and take full advantage of this bull market. therefore, i will explain the next 2-5 years into the following catalysts: 1. uranium strategic reserves from the department of energy in the usa 2. sprott acquisition of the upc 3. utilities long-term contracting [subscribe now]( **step 1-strategic reserves** in 2020, the government approved for the year 2021, the fiscal year ends in september in the usa, to purchase 75 million usd worth of [uranium]( the congress is also working towards a 10 years strategic resource of anywhere between 150million usd per year to 300 million usd per year. the idea behind this initiative is that the current prices are too low to incentivize the production of uranium in the usa. without going into the political details of why this is important for the biden administration, this reserve was already in place in the 70s-80s which lead to the usa being the #1 producer, developer, and consumer of uranium in the world. this position has significantly been weakened since 2012 given the abundance of uranium, fukushima, the growth of nuclear in china, and the uneconomic nature of the deposits, at current prices, of uranium in the usa. speaking to paul goranson and mark chalmers, which are both of the opinions that the rfp (request for proposal or bid) will set the price of the contract for this year between 60$ to 70$ per lbs. the government will want to focus on uranium owned and produced in the usa. a quick calculation will drive you to the conclusion that the government will ask to contract for delivery between 1 million lbs to 1.25 million lbs. which company can currently deliver this? energy fuels has around 700,000 lbs of uranium, uec has 550,000 uranium with their recent purchase but will increase to 2.1 million lbs by december 2022, ur-energy has about 280,000 lbs, peninsula has about 20,000 lbs. cameco (oftentimes forgotten but cameco has 3 isr pants on c&m in the usa), encore, azarga, virginia resources, and anfield, western, and laramide do not hold any such assets but could all, to a certain degree, get back into production or advance their projects into production. concerning uec, given that they purchased their inventory on the spot market and we do not know the origin of that uranium, i would not be so sure that they can sell it to the government as i expect there will be very strict guidelines such as american produced uranium by an american producer or a company owning american assets. if that is the case, then energy fuel and ur-energy will be the first beneficiary. depending on when the delivery needs to be, this can open up the door to near-term producers to get back into production. i hate to have to rely on a government to begin the cycle of long-term contracting but that will definitely help as it will dry out any leftover us inventory and entice new production. **step 2- the new sprott market \*\* spot market\*\*** the recent acquisition of upc from sprott will allow the retail market to buy physical uranium. let’s recap what will happen. upc used to be this fund created to have exposure to uranium prices through the physical holding of uranium. it used to be that the manager of the fund, denison up until sprott took over, would issue share for cash to purchase physical uranium when the premium to net asset value was about 20%. first, sprott will have this new vehicle listed on the nyse allowing for greater liquidity from the biggest financial market in the world. second, sprott’s management has a track record of successfully managing and marketing the physical silver trust, pslv, and the gold physical trust phys, to their +200,000 customers. third, sprott will issue shares every time the net assets value is at a premium to shares to buy more physical uranium. they will also do the reverse when the nav is at a discount. this effect will put a lot more pressure on the spot market and entice, even more, utilities to contract. while step 1 is a 6 to 18 months process, step number 2 will begin having an effect on the spot market in the next 3 to 6 months and ongoing after that. for an in-depth explanation of the subject, i suggest justin’s interview with jake. for an understanding of what happened in the last bull market when upc launched the prospectus, i suggest the following [thread]( which puts everything in context. **step 3-utilities contracting long term** in my first post in january about uranium, i said that the key to unlocking value for the sector was the utilities contracting long-term. this is still the case today. the us utilities and the western european utilities have been missing in action in the last couple of years as shown from this slide ( thanks to mike alkin from sachem cover partner) once the government and sprott legally corner the market of physical uranium, it will be game over for the utilities. they will need to go back to the negotiation table with producers. sadly for utilities, they should have done that in the last 2 years and have not which means that producers such as cameco and kap will only contract part of their supply at long-term price and will allow part of the supply to be priced at the spot market to fully take advantage of the future increase in price. i expect this to begin in q1 2022. why then? sprott’s listing on the us exchange will take some time to implement. second, kap, cameco, and yellow cake still need to buy on the spot market roughly 15 million lbs this year which should finally, dry out any real secondary supply available. remember, there is no incentive for fuel buyers to sign contracts now because there is supply available. the keys to understanding that this market has shifted will come from someone like cameco announcing that mcarthur river or their us assets are brought back online. everyone in the industry is always listening to their conference calls quarterly because it gives as much information as to where the total market for uranium is headed. i suggest listening, at least, to the [q&a]( part of their lastest conference call where a participant was asking cameco if the japanese utilities were still selling in the spot market uranium. the answer was interesting as the japanese refused to sell to cameco because they knew that the price was is going to increase in the future. i also fully expect that ur-energy/encore/energy fuels will come to market in the next 6 months to announce the following news: they have purchased either peninsula energy, azarga, laramide, western or anfield. there will be a full consolidation in the us landscape given too many companies and too few of them have the possibility to mine or bring their assets to life. there is also an excess of general and administrative expenses that can be streamlined by consolidating positions. for the same reasons, i fully expect consolidation in the african landscape. goviex, global atomic, deep yellow, marenica, bannerman, paladin, and the chinese ( cgn & cnnc )have big positions there. i personally expect marenica to be taken over by one of the bigger guys given their land package, positioning next to all the bigger guys, and the fact that it is still, but probably not for long, relatively cheap. let’s not forget that orano will probably be eyeing the likes of goviex and global atomic. i also fully expect that this would only happen when step 1 or step 2 has happened giving companies more flexibility otherwise this would mean that they would issue a lot more shares than needed in the future. **other things to keep in perspective** 1. in the last bull market, the number of companies increased 10 fold from beginning to end. the multiplication of companies trying to profit from the incoming bull market will also be a great indicator. be especially astute to the name-changing game. many companies as a great way to increase their public profile will try to include uranium in their company name.. when a company whose assets are primarily other precious metals and decided to “reposition” their core focus, that you get you thinking. 2. the total market cap of pure-play uranium companies reached close to 150 billion last time around.. we are sitting at a fraction of that today 3. merger and acquisition are also a great indicator of where we are in a cycle. when companies pay mostly out cash to take over companies, we are usually early in the bull market. examples of those are the cgn buying the right to assets of kazatomprom and the uex and jcu debacle. they both offered mostly cash to fund the operations. when we begin to see an all-share transaction, we will be sitting well into the bull market if not the late innings. the reasoning behind that is that companies’ shares have run up so much that it is a way to lock in those profits by swapping it for an asset. 4. in the last couple of weeks, a lot of random people have messaged me about which crypto i hold.. when the barber asks you, which uranium stock you hold, it will be critical to sell stock and bank your profits. there will be signs before that but that would be the ultimate one. **my uranium timeline** 1. until january 2022, investors will keep front running the spot price of uranium to position themselves. 2. in the same timeline, the us government will have, hopefully, purchased the first tranche of the strategic reserve. 3. 2022 will be the year that utilities begin contracting back long term. this will accelerate our thesis. paladin, boss, lotus, cameco, ur-energy, energy fuel, encore energy will bring back mines online from their care and maintenance status. the time needed and the ramping up will take between 12-18 months and will require significant sums of money. from all companies listed above, think usually above 50 million in capex. 4. at this point, the price will be firmly above 50$/lbs and oscillating toward 60$ to 70$per lbs 5. 2023, the year we will begin to see mines that were in care and maintenance change to production status. if you marry that with the forecasted deficit in the markets, even if price increases, there will not be a way to increase production. everything will be in the works to get there but it takes time. at this point, a lot of consolidation will have to happen. in my mind, the price of uranium has the most possible overshoot potential in 2023-2024. if the spot price can go above 140$/lbs, i suspect that is when it happens 6. 2023-2024, that is when the irrational exuberance behavior will come into play. expect a lot of the tell signs i mentioned above to be witnessed around that timeline. what happens after? i still think that the price of uranium will be above 50$ for the foreseeable future because other big projects will still need the 70$/lbs to be profitable. by 2028, cigar lake, cameco’s flagship mine will be depleted. by 2028, a lot of the new reactors being commissioned or built will come online as you can see from the below chart. i think this market can still be a raging bull market for much longer after 2024 but i prefer to stay focus on the next 2 years. obviously, this is my mental map. i share this with you as a way to illustrate some of the key features of the next 24 months. remember that in the last bull market, retraces of 30% to 50% were very common. if you want to hold a 10 bagger, making ten folds your initial investment, you need to be prepared to stay in the market when these corrections happen. you also need to plan your exit at some point. wouldn’t it be sad to have come across this life-changing opportunity and have nothing to show for in 2025? that sure keeps me up at night. **the portfolio** if you follow me for some time, you know that i did a private placement with western uranium in february. the terms and conditions were as such. four months locked period, then shares are free-floating. i also had the option to purchase the exact same number of shares within 2 years at a 50% premium to the initial share purchase. as you can see from the recent share appreciation, i will exercise that right soon. this will increase the portfolio return significantly. i also just did, last week, another private placement, this time with anfield energy, another uranium company with the same conditions. **upcoming company interviews** i have scheduled a call with troilus gold for may 24th and arianne phosphate for june 22nd. they are both massively interesting, in my opinion, and will fun to attend! reach out if you are interested to listen in or ask questions. if you can’t make it, i am happy to take questions ahead of time! [leave a comment]( thanks again for reading and i always welcome comments! best, max if you want the article with the slides and pictures: [
koch to exit oil/products trading as the title says. koch to exit oil and oil products trading to focus on products like metals, freight, and nat gas. wondering what your thoughts are on this? is this possibly a sign of markets that have better growth potential. koch is reputedly a sharp, ruthless company so i don't think this decision was taken lightly.
cfd brokers that are truly convenient i am interested in the opinion of experienced traders. what should i pay attention to when choosing a cfd broker and how can i avoid falling into a “scam”? i am a little confused by the number of brokers, but at the moment i have managed to narrow the list down to just four: **- icmarkets** **- oanda** **- moneta markets** **- interactive brokers** first and foremost, i pay attention to the region of registration and how long the broker has been in the game. i would appreciate any recommendations, thank you.
s&d model for context, i just recently started on my role as an analyst for crude and refined products market. however, i don’t have any background knowledge previously. i’m curious on how to create an s&d model. what kind of data should i take in? how often should i update? kind of lost on where to start...
anyone down to join a linkedin/discord group for students into commodities? i’ve noticed that most finance students are aiming for ib, pe, or other big areas, but for those of us who are really into the commodities side (oil, metals, softs etc.), it feels like a much smaller group. i was thinking it might be cool to create a linkedin or discord group for us to connect, share advice, and just keep up with each other as we head into this niche area of finance. figured it’d be a solid way to network and maybe help each other out down the road.
best commodity trading podcasts hi! i listen to a bunch of of equity / macro podcasts to do with markets however struggle to find any commodity ones. can anyone point me in the right direction? thanks
power trading before i started my career in power, i asked a lot of questions. on casio’s website they have a great training on what power market looks like (great for beginners). here is the link if you read this, you will be 10x a fresh new grad. read it 3x and digest it. i believe ercot and spp have good trainings modules, but i haven’t looked in a while.
you didn't get onto any grad schemes...what next? i've seen plenty of posts asking about the traf/glencore/gunvor/etc. grad schemes and how people's applications are going/have gone. the hard truth is that these companies receive thousands of applications, a lot of them won't even get responses but even those that do most won't make it past the first round. a handful of people will end up getting offers. so what do the rest of you do? i see lots of talk about master programs, or hoping a recruiter has a stash of entry-level jobs. the truth is, it might take you a while to break in, and most master programs are dog $hit. while you continue to follow all of the advice about networking, improving your hard and soft skills, and reading every commodities book you can get your hands on, consider this approach. write to/contact every single trading house large and small that you would consider working for, across all commodities. tell them about your passion for the industry and that you'd be willing to work for them/intern/desk shadow for free for 6 months. that's right, zero salary, no strings. basically you're willing to do any role, without pay, just to gain experience. now, i'm aware that this may not be viable for those of you that need an income, but a large proportion of you are going to remain unemployed so what better way to earn nothing than while getting to spend every day at a commodity shop learning. results will definitely vary, but should you get a foot in the door and prove your hard-working attitude in those 6 months, what are the odds you will be let go at the end? job turnover is extremely high in this industry so during that 6 months, a job opportunity is likely to come up. a company that just spent 6 months seeing someone learn is in my opinion quite likely to give that person a chance rather than starting a job search externally and hoping they find someone that fits. and if you get zero opportunities from this then you haven't lost anything.
summary of israel - iran conflict - 24-hour timeline *note: all times in eastern standard time* # eve of the strikes — wed 11 jun 2025 * *08 : 03 am — barron’s*: israel army issues evacuation warnings for parts of gaza city. * *09 : 31 am — cnbc*: oil eases as traders “watch iran risk,” but no strike seen imminent. * *10 : 26 am — the hill*: u.s. embassy restricts staff travel inside israel amid rising tension. * *11 : 19 am — deitaone / abc*: reports say israel is “considering military action against iran in coming days.” * *12 : 31 pm — barron’s / bloomberg*: trump says he doesn’t want israel to attack yet concedes it “could very well” happen. * *02 : 34 pm — semafor*: u.s. begins pulling non-essential personnel from regional embassies and bases. * *03 : 50 pm — cablefxmacro*: trump outlines red-lines: no nuclear iran, prefers a deal, urges restraint. * *05 : 21 pm — reuters / wsj*: leaks suggest israel could strike “as soon as sunday” if nuclear talks fail. * *06 : 57 pm — axios / zero hedge*: u.s. tells israel any attack would be unilateral; no u.s. participation. * *07 : 45 pm — wsj*: security briefings say israel is “fully ready” and the cabinet convenes. # day of the strikes — thu 12 jun 2025 * *07 : 45 pm — wsj*: final briefings leak that israel is “fully prepared” to act. * *08 : 00 pm — reuters*: israel confirms it has struck targets in iran; u.s. stresses no involvement. * *08 : 01 pm — channel 12 / al jazeera*: explosions heard in tehran and sirens across israel as the pre-emptive strike begins. * *08 : 05 pm — axios*: defence minister katz declares a nationwide home-front emergency; public told to stay near shelters. * *08 : 10 pm — livesquawk*: idf says air-raids on iranian nuclear and military sites are under way, calling the action intelligence-driven and preventive. * *08 : 12 pm — cablefxmacro*: government statement confirms a pre-emptive strike on iran. * *08 : 16 pm — piqsuite / reuters*: washington says it was informed but did not assist and urges de-escalation. * *08 : 18 pm — bloomberg*: israel braces for retaliation after confirming multiple strike waves. * *08 : 19 pm — ap*: government says the goal is to roll back iran’s nuclear threat. * *08 : 20 pm — livesquawk*: katz warns of imminent missile-and-drone retaliation against israeli territory. * *08 : 23 pm — reuters*: formal declaration of a “special situation” nationwide. * *08 : 30 pm — wsj*: defence minister publicly states objectives against iran’s nuclear program. * *08 : 34 pm — piqsuite*: idf reports “dozens of nuclear and command sites” struck, calling iran’s program an existential threat. * *08 : 52 pm — firstsquawk*: netanyahu says operation rising lion will continue “as long as necessary.” * *09 : 01 pm — local media*: israel closes its airspace; commercial flights diverted; emergency measures activated. * *09 : 03 pm — piqsuite*: u.s. secretary of state rubio reiterates no u.s. role and warns iran not to target american assets. * *09 : 06 pm — piqsuite*: australia’s foreign minister calls the strikes alarming and urges calm. * *09 : 08 pm — axios*: netanyahu moved to a secure location as heavy retaliation is anticipated. * *09 : 12 pm — wsj*: idf says dozens of targets destroyed in iran; live updates continue. * *09 : 13 pm —* investingcom *(idf spox)*: military declares the opening-strike phase complete, ready for follow-on waves. * *09 : 18 pm — mrtopstep*: israeli command confirms the strike was aimed at neutralising iran’s nuclear capability. * *09 : 25 pm — piqsuite*: foreign ministry opens global emergency situation room; minister holds marathon calls with counterparts. * *09 : 26 pm — livesquawk / marketsday*: global markets whipsaw as bonds and safe-havens rally on renewed tension. * *09 : 27 pm — piqsuite*: israeli officials say opening strikes may have killed iran’s chief of staff and senior nuclear scientists. * *09 : 28 pm — firstsquawk*: iranian state tv claims residential areas in tehran were hit by israeli missiles. * *09 : 31 pm — marketsday*: reports of a second israeli attack wave; iran declares a nationwide state of emergency. * *09 : 32 pm — the hill*: senator rubio repeats that the u.s. was not involved in the strikes. * *09 : 35 pm — investingcom / zero hedge*: israeli military sources believe several iranian generals and atomic scientists were killed. * *09 : 36 pm — trade the news*: israel initiates another round of strikes and believes it has eliminated multiple iranian generals. # continuation of strikes — fri 13 jun 2025 * *01 : 35 am — bloomberg*: oil surges after israel launches air-strikes on iran, underscoring the jump in geopolitical risk. * *01 : 36 am — the new york times*: explainer on israel’s predawn raids against iran’s nuclear program and why they matter. * *01 : 39 am — reuters*: live blog begins as israel hits iran’s nuclear and missile sites and tehran responds with drone launches. * *01 : 40 am — bloomberg (video)*: crude spikes in real-time trading on news of the israeli operation. * *01 : 41 am — bloomberg*: israel’s strikes kill senior iranian officers; gold and oil move higher on safe-haven demand. * *01 : 42 am — piqsuite*: iran vows a “decisive response,” warning the u.s. and israel of a harsh blow. * *01 : 43 am — live-news alert*: iranian outlets claim up to 800 drones and cruise missiles have been launched toward israel. * *01 : 44 am — barron’s*: u.k. prime minister starmer urges an immediate return to diplomacy after the strikes. * *01 : 45 am — wallstengine*: israeli sources say emergency declared in tehran; top iranian leadership may have been hit. * *01 : 47 am — ndtv profit*: israeli military claims elimination of iran’s chief of staff, irgc commander and emergency chief. * *01 : 50 am — piqsuite*: israel’s ambassador to france asserts parts of iran’s nuclear program are already destroyed. * *01 : 52 am — financial juice*: idf says it had “no choice” but to act against iran’s nuclear threat. * *01 : 54 am — globe and mail*: oil rallies sharply as traders digest the israel-iran escalation. * *01 : 57 am — staunovo*: israel confirms multiple strike waves; braces for iranian retaliation. * *01 : 59 am — the new york times*: israeli operation reportedly decapitates much of iran’s military chain-of-command. * *02 : 01 am — staunovo*: iran launches more than 100 drones toward israel; idf working to intercept. * *02 : 02 am — firstsquawk*: israel confirms every drone fired so far has been intercepted outside its borders. * *02 : 04 am — ndtv profit*: spot gold hits a record high as investors rush to havens. * *02 : 07 am — bloomberg*: tehran promises a “harsh blow” to israel and the u.s. following the attack. * *02 : 09 am — rigzone*: israel’s strike on iran’s nuclear sites sends crude and product prices higher. * *02 : 10 am — bloomberg*: oil-price spike seen threatening one of the global economy’s few tailwinds. * *02 : 11 am — bloomberg*: israel warns washington it, too, could face retaliation; market coverage continues. * *02 : 13 am — cnbc*: analysts say iran still unlikely to block the strait of hormuz despite the escalation. * *02 : 15 am — reuters*: asian shares slide while oil climbs as news of the strikes filters through markets. * *02 : 18 am — bloomberg*: european natural-gas prices jump on fears of a wider regional war. * *02 : 19 am — reuters*: european equity futures plunge following the israeli raids. * *02 : 20 am — staunovo*: israel confirms additional waves against iranian nuclear and missile facilities; tehran counters with drones. * *02 : 24 am — piqsuite*: euro stoxx 50 futures down 1.4 % as brent crude extends a 7 % rally. * *02 : 26 am — wallstengine*: brent spikes 13 %; jpmorgan warns $130 oil is possible if the strait of hormuz is threatened. * *02 : 27 am — piqsuite*: bank of israel says it is fully prepared to keep markets and payment systems functioning. * *02 : 28 am — investing.com*: global equities tumble and commodities surge on the israel-iran confrontation. * *02 : 31 am — livesquawk*: israeli air force intercepts iranian drones over saudi airspace, security sources say. * *02 : 33 am — marketflux*: crypto market sheds roughly $200 billion as capital shifts to traditional havens. * *02 : 37 am — oilprice.com*: forecasters scramble to revise crude-price outlooks after the overnight escalation. * *02 : 38 am — barron’s*: idf reiterates it is intercepting iranian drones outside israel’s borders. * *02 : 40 am — c barraud (radio israel)*: drones also being shot down over jordanian and syrian airspace. * *02 : 42 am — financial juice*: warning sirens sound in amman as jordan intercepts uavs linked to the conflict. * *02 : 44 am — bloomberg*: iran begins limited retaliation; oil and gold extend gains. * *02 : 46 am — cnbc*: regional experts say direct u.s. involvement would “change everything” for tehran’s calculus. * *02 : 50 am — seeking alpha*: iran’s drone barrage formally announced as part of its counter-strike. * *02 : 54 am — globe and mail*: oil prices hit multi-month highs on fears of supply disruption. * *02 : 59 am — the new york times*: live updates report iran’s top brass severely degraded. * *03 : 00 am — barron’s*: qatar airways cancels flights to iran and iraq as airspace risk rises. * *03 : 02 am — piqsuite*: french foreign minister urges restraint but reiterates israel’s right to self-defence. * *03 : 04 am — reuters*: u.k. will not commit forces to defend israel against potential iranian retaliation, times reports. * *03 : 06 am — investing.com*: european shares open sharply lower; crude continues to surge. * *03 : 07 am — bloomberg*: israel’s raids spark shipping-route worries; insurance and freight rates jump. * *03 : 11 am — piqsuite*: london signals it will not shield israel from reprisals, reiterating call for de-escalation. * *03 : 12 am — inewsroom*: israeli officials say drone interceptions proceeded without u.s. assistance. * *03 : 13 am — associated press*: jordan confirms its air force shot down multiple drones headed toward israel. * *03 : 15 am — oilprice.com*: analysts call israel’s deep strike the most serious mideast escalation since 2024. * *03 : 19 am — piqsuite*: turkish foreign ministry condemns israel’s attack and demands an immediate halt. * *03 : 23 am — livesquawk*: nato repeats plea for restraint as missile-threat level rises. * *03 : 24 am — firstsquawk*: iran’s parliament schedules an emergency session for friday to discuss its response. * *03 : 26 am — firstsquawk*: nato’s mark rutte warns the situation is “critical” and urges de-escalation. * *03 : 28 am — reuters*: pound and other risk currencies weaken further on safe-haven flows into the dollar and yen. * *03 : 30 am — bloomberg*: logistics firms warn rising risk to gulf shipping lanes after the israeli strikes. * *03 : 32 am — reuters*: israeli airlines relocate aircraft abroad as precautionary measure. * *03 : 33 am — bloomberg*: israeli raids hit nuclear sites; multiple senior iranian commanders reported killed. * *03 : 38 am — cnbc*: officials say roughly 100 iranian drones were launched toward israel amid the widening clash. * *03 : 40 am — firstsquawk*: idf declares a large-scale strike against iranian air-defence systems complete. * *03 : 41 am — investing.com*: europe’s dax opens down 1.1 % on the mideast shock. * *03 : 44 am — the wall street journal*: dow-futures slide as crude spikes on the israeli action. * *03 : 45 am — youtube commodities panel*: strategists say a strait-of-hormuz blockade remains improbable for now. * *03 : 47 am — barron’s*: idf says it destroyed iranian radar arrays and missile launchers in the opening wave. * *03 : 50 am — firstsquawk*: former pm naftali bennett warns the israeli operation “could take days” to finish. * *03 : 53 am — firstsquawk / investing.com*: idf reports a “large-scale” strike on iranian air-defence sites in western iran is complete. * *03 : 56 am — naeem aslam*: turkey condemns the raid; israeli channel 12 says iaf is already intercepting drones over saudi skies. * *03 : 57 am — naeem aslam*: saudi arabia and the uae issue formal statements denouncing israel’s attack. * *04 : 00 am — investing.com*: iranian outlets claim “hundreds of projectiles” could soon be launched at israel; idf places all air-defence units on full alert. * *04 : 02 am — staunovo*: japan’s mitsui o.s.k. lines issues a “safety alert” for vessels transiting gulf shipping lanes. * *04 : 02 am — firstsquawk*: idf confirms every iranian drone fired overnight was intercepted outside israeli airspace; shelter order lifted. * *04 : 12 am — bloomberg*: saudi arabia, the uae and iraq close portions of their airspace; multiple carriers reroute flights. * *04 : 16 am — wallstengine*: engineers say parts of the natanz enrichment complex were damaged in the strikes. * *04 : 17 am — investing.com*: netanyahu briefs germany’s chancellor merz; berlin calls for urgent de-escalation. * *04 : 20 am — reuters*: israel confirms the operation’s code name, “rising lion,” drawn from numbers 23 : 24. * *04 : 20 am — bloomberg*: control risks warns the raid may be only the first step in a broader escalation cycle. * *04 : 21 am — naeem aslam*: ankara condemns the strike “in the strongest terms,” citing regional-war risks. * *04 : 23 am — piqsuite*: jerusalem officially dubs the strike “rising lion,” invoking biblical imagery. * *04 : 23 am — investing.com*: iran’s parliament will meet in emergency session; military says retaliation will have “no limits.” * *04 : 23 am — naeem aslam*: the red “flag of revenge” is raised over qom’s jamkaran mosque, signalling imminent response. * *04 : 24 am — piqsuite*: kremlin voices “serious concern,” calling the strikes a sharp escalation. * *04 : 24 am — ndtv profit*: iranian state tv confirms irgc chief hossein salami was killed. * *04 : 25 am — reuters*: analysts say decades of shadow warfare have now tipped into open conflict. * *04 : 26 am — bloomberg*: predawn raids reportedly killed several of iran’s top generals, crippling senior command. * *04 : 29 am — barron’s*: russian state media amplifies kremlin condemnation of the israel-iran “escalation.” * *04 : 30 am — barron’s*: israel rescinds its shelter-in-place warning after judging the immediate drone threat over. * *04 : 30 am — bloomberg*: iaea warns the natanz strike risks a cross-border radiological incident. * *05 : 26 am — firstsquawk*: idf spokesman expects iran to answer with missiles “within hours.” * *05 : 41 am — reuters*: moscow brands the israeli attack “unprovoked and illegal,” urging both sides to step back. * *06 : 13 am — bloomberg*: israel orders the leviathan offshore gas field shut and prepares power plants to switch fuels. * *07 : 32 am — abc / reuters*: president trump calls the strike “excellent,” hinting “more to come” unless iran agrees to a deal. * *07 : 46 am — élysée / bloomberg*: macron reaffirms israel’s right to self-defence but presses all parties to de-escalate. * *07 : 49 am — piqsuite*: israel closes all embassies worldwide and advises citizens to avoid public jewish symbols. * *08 : 00 am — oilprice.com*: energean halts production at israel’s karish gas field on government orders. * *08 : 05 am — cnbc*: analyst dan senor says jerusalem aims to cripple iran’s enrichment cycle before talks resume. * *08 : 11 am — the new york times*: early casualty list names several irgc aerospace and missile-program generals. * *08 : 13 am — piqsuite*: uk tightens travel warnings for six regional states, citing “rapidly escalating missile risk.” * *08 : 19 am — ndtv profit*: israel orders energean’s largest offshore gas platform to shut as an added security measure. # snapshot of key risk-assets |asset|7:30 pm et|9:20 pm et|change| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |**wti crude**|$67.90|$72.04|**+6.1 %**| |**gold (spot)**|$3,390|$3,416|**+0.8 %**| |**s&p 500 e-mini**|5,210|5,110|**-1.9 %**| |**nasdaq 100 e-mini**|18,060|17,675|**-2.1 %**| |**usd/jpy**|143.55|143.04|**-0.4 %**| # potentially what to watch next: * **iranian response window (next 6–12 hrs):** irgc vows “forceful & destructive” retaliation; missile / uav risk to israel & gulf energy assets. * **g-7 & u.n. diplomacy:** japan, australia, and eu foreign ministers calling emergency talks overnight. * **u.s. posture:** centcom on heightened alert; any attack on u.s. bases would flip washington’s neutrality. \- articles aggregated from [marketflux.io](
learning natural gas trading hi, i am starting a graduate position in natural gas origination at a major trading house this year. to prepare, i was thinking of doing some online ng futures trading. is this a good idea? do you have any other suggestions? fyi, i am quite familiar with the market and have researched ng futures prices (ttf) and geopolitical risks.
what would be the ultimate guide to becoming an oil & gas trader at a top firm hi everyone, i’m a 19 years old (born, raised and living in geneva) passionate about finance and economics (fluent in both french and english). my main goal is to become a trader at a top-tier firm that deals with oil/gas/energy (like trafigura, glencore, or vitol). at the moment, i am still in my senior year of high school. in addition, my father owns a one-hectare plot of land in congo-brazzaville, and i’d love to eventually start a business there focused on soft commodities (like coffee, cocoa, or other agricultural products). **what education would you recommend :** (bachelor) —> bba at saint gallen’s university or economics at the university of geneva (master) —> commodity trading at the university of geneva, master in finance (risk management and asset management oriented) or any graduate program of trafigura, glencore, etc **what should i focus more on :** 1. enjoying my youth 2. books, podcasts, education, ... (about commodities) 3. academics 4. getting in touch with the industry (networking and eventually internships) 5. learning skills related to entry-level positions in the industry (please note them, i am thinking excel, python, powerpoint) **general questions :** what is the typical career trajectory in commodity trading, starting from entry-level jobs or internships to becoming a trader, and eventually advancing to senior trader or head of trading? (i know that there are many different backgrounds but what is the classical/typical entry-level job that will lead to a trading desk) what does the future of the commodity trading profession look like? do you foresee a shift toward more stem-oriented profiles dominating the industry? additionally, are salaries expected to decrease further, considering that some parents of friends working in the industry have recently experienced pay cuts? i’d be grateful for any insights or personal experiences you can share. thank you for your help!
bp offer: trading and shipping hi! i've never thought about a career in commodities/trading, but i got an internship offer for bp as a commercial energy intern in trading and shipping, with the full-time role being the rotational program in one of the tracks such as analytics or trading. since i have more experience in tech and product, i want to know more about trading at ca company like bp. what's the day-to-day look like of a trader (ex. how technical do you have to be)? is the work interesting long-term? is it very repetitive? how easy is it to pivot/what are typical exits for trading roles? i'm currently a sophomore at a us university.
commodity trading books hi everyone, i’ve recently started working in commodity markets - commodities related to biofuels production, to be more specific - and am just looking for some good books/reading materials on commodity markets, trading, etc. stuff for beginners, of course. anything you could recommend would be highly appreciated.
shift traders (power) how long can you really do it? almost two years in and was thinking how long people actually do it. 30 next year and just wanted to know people's experiences about it, their health, what keeps them going etc. happy to know everyone's thoughts.
book recommendations for natural gas and power trading hi all, i’m currently new to the natural gas and power trading world but really want to start building my analytical background and have knowledge about natural gas and power trading, especially natural gas/lng. could you please give me some advice on what books might be good resources to have me understand this market especially building s&d models? i saw from other posts saying ‘natural gas trading in north america’ is quite good, what do you think? thank you.
need advice - new oil & gas market analyst hi all, i recently started a new role as a market analyst in the oil & gas industry. the job involves analyzing market trends, building forecasting models, and understanding price movements. i come from a refinery operations background and have a solid foundation in data science, including python and statistics. i’m eager to grow quickly in this role, and my company is open to supporting relevant courses or training. i’d really appreciate any recommendations on useful resources, books, or certifications that can help me better understand oil markets and improve my modeling and analysis skills. i’m also interested in learning about the tools, techniques, and strategies that have helped others succeed in similar roles. thanks in advance for any advice!
bp has a much better trade staff, risk management group and compliance group today. why? one reason: because of this tale of trading woe that cost them $303 million in penalties and their loss of $10 million by their traders' "thinking". smart people made huge mistakes. live and learn. many university students and early career folk seek a way into commodity trading jobs. when you get there you may be surprised. in your interviews it's important to be aware of how even the biggest firms get off into the business "ditch" and have to be recovered. if you get an interview with bp you should know this tale of woe but don't bring it up unless they do first. you can make a fortune being an energy trader...and you can do it legally. trading + risk + compliance avoids an immense amount of risk so profits can run. but... what's funny to me is even the college students/interns in this reddit sub could have saved bp's propane group from face planting their business back then. asking the question, "does this trading plan violate any rules/regulations in us federal law?" might have slowed the speed into the penalty cash and loss dilemma. in 2004, bp was accused of cornering the us propane market and manipulating prices to generate profit: * **what happened**bp employees developed a speculative trading strategy to corner the february 2004 tet propane market. they established a long propane position, withheld some from the market, and drove up prices. bp's goal was to dictate prices to other market participants and make a profit. * **what was the outcome**bp settled with the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) and paid $303 million in sanctions. the cftc found that bp violated the commodity exchange act by manipulating prices and cornering the market. source/background: [ bp propane trader transcript info: [ color commentary from forbes: [ where traders said their compliance signed off on the disasterous scheme.
eli5: why do gas and power traders exist? gas and power trader companies made huge money in recent years, especially when volatility was huge (2022...), so my question does not concern why they decide to trade, as it is explained by the huge returns. i'm rather intrigued about the market side, namely why these middlemen exist? why is it beneficial for company a to sell gas to company b which then sells it to company c over a selling it to c directly? i totally get that these should be obvious to people in the industry, but as a student interested in the energy trading sector, it isn't for me. thanks in advance! *eli5-explain like i'm five
smaller community?? i’m new or i would have figured out how to just comment on an earlier post (i’m a codger too). want to say hi, and appreciate the lesser stress than wsb or even futurestrading subs. while new here, i’ve been around. got my series 3 back in 1987 and worked briefly on the floor of the cme, currency pit, back when there was open outcry. 30 years in o&g, laid off due to covid, and, thankfully have the wear withal to focus on my first love - commodities. just wanted to say hi, introduce myself and say thank you for this sub.
collection of interview questions: junior intraday power it seems the demand died down a bit, but a while ago i saw a lot of posts asking for what questions to expect during interviews for short term / intraday power. i had interviewed for this role in large utilities (eu) before and wanted to post them here, before i forget the questions again. note, that this is for juniors / grads that are trying to break into commodity trading power. from my application cycle, i noticed that there is a high demand for short term power traders and they also look for juniors with zero trading experience. this could be an alternative way to enter the industry without going through the middle office > front office progression. other alternatives are obviously the highly competitive t&s grad programs. (disclaimer: i'm paraphrasing, i don't remember the exact wording for obvious reasons.) **personal fit:** * how do you deal with stress? how do you wind down? * how do you bring up new ideas to the team? what do you do, if you encounter resistance to your ideas? * you need to collaborate with your team, but you all work in different schedules and rarely see each other face to face. how do you deal with that? * your colleague is consistently losing money during his shifts. you notice it first. what do you do? (imagine, you are senior and experienced/good track record) * do you like making decisions? what do you do if you are wrong -- a lot? * if we would ask your colleagues (replace with friends, if no working experience) about you, what would they say? * what motivates you / drives you at work (in school)? * what tasks do you enjoy doing (in a professional environment/school -- not hobbies)? * what do you struggle with (in a professional environment/school -- i'd avoid personal stories)? * what adjectives, qualities should traders have? * you know that the role entails night, weekend, holiday shifts? are you okay working this schedule x/x/x? **motivation:** * introduce yourself and walk us through your cv and explain your motivation for applying to this role / our company. * why do you want to be a trader and not e.g. an asset manager, or analyst, or a project manager? * why trading? why energy trading? **knowledge (note: it is also important to show how you think):** * explain what creates the duck curve pattern of intraday power prices?(you can google something like intraday power prices duck curve to visualise) * what do you think are the drivers of the intraday prices? * how do the intraday and day ahead markets differ? * imagine you are in shift, your dispatcher calls you asking if they should start their generation in netherlands. it is in the money, but you only sold half of the volume yet. you need to make a decision soon. what do you say to the dispatcher? what do you do? that's all i can think of for now. i'm sure you can use this, and paste this into chatgpt for more interview questions. generally, it's a good idea to use chatgpt (or any other llm really) for interview prep -- just paste your relevant job descriptions. good luck!
made a tool that sources local news extremely fast before mainstream hey all, i've been working on a tool for the last month when i heard a problem from someone i know who works in commodities. where they'd find local news eg in a mining region would share news typically before mainstream news. it was a surprise to me as i expected there to be no real time delay but there can be, sometimes hours or more. i've been working on a tool that uses ai to monitor these sources to catch stories in typically non-english sources based on the monitoring task you give it. it'll also help find these local sources for you. curious if anyone would want to be an early user and try it out. right now i've been testing it myself with a few users in the industry and now opening it to get more feedback. if you'd like to try it out, please dm me. my background's in building software products and i think this tool really can be awesome, so i'd love to find out what you think. **update**: the response has been great and appreciate everyone reaching out. want to find out as many use cases as possible to please feel free to either comment or dm to try out the tool. since posting i've released updates directly from feedback for you all! thanks!
feedback on oil snd modelling i’m an asia-based cross barrel trader, mostly focused on trading the screen futures from a technical perspective. looking to broaden my views with a fundamental angle as well so i am working on building my own us snd as well. i come from a quantitative background so i only hear about fundamental news e.g. colonial pipeline down or ta arb being booked once word gets around so it is not my intention to manually update my database with heards. i’m only looking to build a more big picture view of snd, hence monthly, instead of counting every barrel and betting on weekly stats, so i’m looking for dislocations on the differed part of the curve, not prompt. i plan to do so completely systematically with zero manual intervention on my part. my requests here are: 1) critique of my mental model and the reasoning behind why i structured it as such, as well as recommendations for improvement 2) comments on and suggestions for the variables i am using in each of my forecast models data source: - futures prices from bbg - refinery turnarounds from iir - historical data from eia steo so far i am just getting started on the us refinery balance, specifically refinery input and total product output. on refinery input, i understand there’s crude, hgls, unfinished oils, oxygenates and blendstocks. i’m taking a more generalistic approach in my model by just looking at: 1) distillation input (includes crude, unfinished oils, hgls), and 2) non-distillation inputs (mostly gasoline blending, sometimes unfinished oils for secondary units, and petchem stream for integrateds). my mental model is simply summarized as : distillation input * (1 + non-distillation input/distillation) * (1+processing gain %) = total refinery output distillation input model: - i model two ways doing the iea method: total operating capacity * utilization (steo operating capacity does not include tars). - and i model an adjusted utilization: (total operating capacity - irr aggregated tars) * adjusted utilization -both will get me to total refinery input. i would prefer to use method 2 only but really, anyone with experience will know the irr expectations are not accurate the further away from the event you get. - variables: wti coking margins (as a sort of catch all number for a general view on refining margins), as well as seasonality non-distillation input % of distillation input model: - i use a ratio here as a means of saying more cdu flow means need for more blending - variables: butane vs rbob and natural gasoline vs rbob as blending econs proxies, and seasonality processing gain model - this was a surprisingly tricky one. i tried to run a model with all the complex margins (fcc, coking), as well as the tars of secondary units and rather weak statistical relationships with coker and hydrocracker tars, as well as fcc margins. i was surprised the coker tars had insignificant impact - variables: coking margins, fcc and vdu tars
python for commodities hey everyone, from what i’ve heard the industry in very data driven and as a result python is a good skill to have. i’m a grad currently preparing for an analyst position at a major and have been learning python, but i can’t seem to visualise how to apply python to the job. am currently trying to understand better so i can start practicing by doing some mockups (like a mock balance) and trying to use python to sift through big data. could someone help provide some examples of how python is used to analyse data? how do the scripts work in practice? i would greatly appreciate!
interest in learning weather derivatives? hey everyone. i have a lot of experience trading weather derivatives. i used to trade a really large weather portfolio back in the day. the market has been pretty much dead for 20 years or so, but recently it is showing signs of renewal because of all the crazy climate events. so i decided to enter the market again, but in a completely different way. i want to help develop the market again, but from the retail side, which has never been done before. i recognized that it will require a bit of education. weather derivatives may seem a bit esoteric, but they are really one of the easiest assets that you can learn and trade. the learning curve is very shallow. i built and recently released a weather trading education platform into beta. it's called weathermage, and it's my effort to make weather derivatives as easy and approachable as possible. come over to r/weathermage and check it out if you are interested in learning. i'm also starting the process of building the rest of system features "in public" to directly address what retail traders may want to see, so feel free to dm or post questions so that i can answer for everyone.
chose planning instead of trading ten years of total experience of logistics and five of that in o&g, in supply chain optimization, blending and planning-related roles. also had a little trading experience mainly with middle distillates and gasoline. an year ago, i was in crossroads - with two offers from two houses on hand. i was offered high-paying role as head of planning in my home country and on the other side, almost double the money (without bonuses) in geneva. approximately, i could have saved maybe ~3k$ more per month in geneva (and with bonuses, a lot more). in the end, i chose planning and staying in my home country mainly due to couple of reasons: 1) i don’t live and breathe commodities. don’t get me wrong - i do like the line of business, the thrill and the excitement of making hard calls on pressured environment and with insufficient details. but i don’t care enough to spend all my free time reading about the markets and being alert all the time. i want to live, too. of course, in planning a lot of things can go south too, but pnl responsibility is often on a whole less level too - meaning lot less stress. 2) employment law in geneva isn’t really favoring employees and the environment can get quite demanding - and quite fast. i rather schedule my own working days and work at my own pace. sometimes harder, sometimes not so hard. i rather choose security over salary. 3) i’m lazy by nature. in planning, if you are lazy, you are more likely to come up with new tools and ideas to make your work easier and once you succeed building a new tool and reducing your workload, you are celebrated. in trading, laziness would result into losing opportunities. 4) i don’t want to spend the little free time i would have in the evenings networking with other traders and brokers. i rather spend it with my family and friends, the ones i truly care about. have i ever regretted the decision? sure, i have. but on the other hand, i am now working on average 40 hours a week, with barely any overtime / outside office hours and have very little stress levels. i am constantly receiving great feedback and still have a great salary (top 5% of the population) and a plan going forward. moral of the story? i see a lot of posts here about pursuing a career in trading and while i do get it, i’m stressing out that not everything should be about the compensation. the world of commodity trading is harsh, and only a handful of people really make it in the end. i’ve seen so many getting cooked, and i just want to highlight that there are plenty of great options in the industry, too. thus, i would think about the long-term objectives and benefits - not only the salary or the status the job brings. in the end what matters, is how happy you are. good luck all, whatever you are pursuing!
modeling in commodities i’m currently a college student pursuing a career in commodity trading, with a strong interest in fundamentals-based roles—particularly as a fundamentals analyst. from what i understand, these roles often involve building and maintaining various models to support trading decisions. i have a couple of questions as i try to deepen my understanding: 1. what types of models are commonly used on a commodity trading desk, and what are their specific applications? 2. what are the best resources to learn more about these models? i’ve come across a lot of content focused on quant finance and forecasting, but i’m not sure how much of that applies directly to fundamentals-driven commodity trading. any insight would be greatly appreciated—i’m really just trying to learn and build relevant skills. i’d consider my python skills to be intermediate, and i’m currently looking to develop a few hands-on projects that i can discuss in interviews.
commodity analytics wondering what career progression looks like for someone working as oil/gas strategist at a major in terms a) compensation b) career opportunites and mobility ( e.g to more commercial/trading roles) c) exit opportunities ( outside of commods , hf's? etc) got grad role in analytics at one of the majors so just wondering what progression looks like thanks and have a nice rest of day
some say "risk" is a "cost center" in a trading organization. in this thanksgiving "tale of trading woe" lets look at how metallgesellschaft traders turned their "trading" into a "cost center" many visit this reddit space wanting to get into commodity trading. in your interviews to get into a trading shop offices it will benefit you to know about this $1.5 billion loss energy trading tale of woe that is metallgesellschaft (mg). no one wants "trading" to become a "cost center"...but it can happen. being a great trader is like being a great physician. the rule for both should be "first, cause no harm". great doctors know that to become a good one, a med student must learn as much from the "bad" in the past to prevent it happening in the future (we traders would call that risk management). should an energy commodity hedge create massive risk? if you build a bad hedge without good risk analysis, as this mg link shows--- you'll see what can happen when the best and brightest traders failed to self-manage a huge position with little risk mgt. enjoy! happy thanksgiving! [
prop trading vs physical commodities trading when doing some research on quant trading jobs i stumbled upon physical commodity trading roles (some with the title of "quantitative trader", some with just "trader") at agricultural merchants like louis dreyfus, cargill, adm etc., metal trading firms like trafigura, oil trading firms like shell/bp, and energy/power trading firms like gunvor. as someone only familiar with prop trading firms like imc, js, akuna etc, can someone explain the difference between what a trader does in a prop trading firm vs in a commodity trading firm? information about what a trader does at a commodities firm is scarce online and i haven't been able to find anything detailed. also would appreciate any information about the salaries at the commodity firms. thank you!
power trader salaries hi everyone, i've been interested in energy commodities for a while and power in particular. there is a lot of information on reddit for natural gas traders but very little for power traders. so how much do power traders make in general? is it similar to other physical energy commodities? thank you
how to get into commodity trading? just a little context, i’m currently a sophomore in university studying econ with a decent gpa and recently learned about commodity trading at a career fair. really interested in it and just had questions for anyone with experience or knowledge about the industry. 1. from research ik that no company is going to let you trade with no experience, so what positions would provide the necessary experience to get into a trading desk? and how long to eventually transition into a desk from said position? 2. realistically what is the wlb like? 3. what is a normal compensation progression? (leaning towards trading power to make it more specific) 4. what hard skills benefit a traders performance? thanks.
did anybody else misjudge winter gas demand in europe? did you get your weather forecast wrong? my thesis was that additional lng supply this winter and reduced supply from russia will net off(i am sure of the caculation). and i was very bullish mainly because the weather indicators(la nina+ negative qbo) suggested a colder winter. another reason to be bullish was lower gas storage level compared to last year. i was expecting ttf to trade between 36-39 euros this winter. trying to cope that and want to see that it wasn't just me. i am still new analyst in prop trading so this is a lesson learnt.
what is the trade idea process at a natural gas hedge fund? i've been reading up on natural gas markets. i'm trying to understand what type of work goes into good trade ideas. i've seen a few stories about funds like centaurus or amaranth and the process of analysis is unclear. example - this is the best paper i can find that says some of the positions that hedge funds will put on, but i don't see how they get ideas in the first place. i'm trying to understand the typical work process / idea generation methods. any leads? let's say you were a natural gas hedge fund - how do you actually get ideas to trade?
ex-grains trader with an abcd, frustrated with growth, now in cocoa hi everyone, i was working for an ex-abcd org for over 6 years as a cash trader (started with their trainee program), and was frustrated with the growth and compensation prospects (bonuses largely limited to 20-25% of fixed, which was already pretty average vs my peers). india as a geography for ags trading (esp. g&o) is pretty bad - frequent govt. intervention + illiquid futures market. inter-company movements had become very difficult, because for the past couple of years, diversity hiring and movement took precedence over merit (not a mindless rant, but a reality). and also grains in india is traded flat price, so limited exposure to futures/hedging, making it even more difficult to change geographies (faced this issue in many interviews - where low exposure to futures and international accounts/clients was a big turn-off) i’ve switched to a smaller org in their cocoa platform. the role is based in a third-world geography, focused on procurement, managing the p&l, ops for the geography, hedging on the terminal. book is much larger than what i was handling earlier, but sales side decisions are generally above my pay-grade, so not a proper trading role. the main motivations for the role were (in that order) - (1) money (2) exposure to futures (3) exposure to a new geography i’m enjoying the role, so not worried about the decision to switch. however, i would like some inputs on what would be the best way to move to a desk role (perhaps in the next 3-5 years) in cocoa. what skills would you recommend i build, and how do i pitch them to the management (for roles within the organization). i’d already conveyed during the interviews that i see myself in a proper trading role in the next 5 years. planning to do the following: - build an s&d for my geography - analysis of historical basis vs global s&d (trying to get my hands on one) - learning python cocoa is new to me, and would really appreciate any inputs or resources. also open to any comments/suggestions/questions. thank you.
bp trader development program (tdp) superthread i know there is a bunch of scattered info across wso and this reddit about bp's graduate trading program, but i'd love to have a centralized post for everyone to share their thoughts about the program, what they've heard, and if anyone has any strong opinions. questions like: 1. how does the quality of this program compare to other graduate schemes (gunvor, shell, glencore, etc.)? 2. is the program actual hands on in the commodities trading world or are you doing grunt work for the bulk of the 3 years? 3. how are the exit opportunities from bp? is there any exit potential to *outside* of the commodities space? 4. how difficult is the atc exam that they give to their traders? what is compensation like past that stage? thank you all!
commodity trading game i'm in the process of creating a commodity trading game that will simulate what it's like to manage a physical trading book. the goal is to make it as engaging and realistic as possible while still being fun to play. what are the key features you'd like to see included? here's what i'm thinking so far: ​ * realistic market simulations: prices that respond to world events, supply and demand. * diverse commodities: a wide range from precious metals to agricultural products. * risk management: options for hedging and other strategies to manage the volatility. * economic indicators: use real-world data to inform your trading decisions. * multiplayer mode: compete against friends or traders from around the world. what else should be added to this list? would you like historical scenarios? more in-depth control of supply chains? for those who are trying to break into the industry what are the pain points you are having in understanding some of the concepts involved? hoping to get some feedback to know what would be useful to include in the game. ​ ​
wanting to build an open-source commodity platform, looking for others to teamup with hi all! as the title says i am looking to build an open-source commodity platform. there is a plethora of fundamental data out there but it is highly fragmented. without industry knowledge, a newcomer is left with either a large mountain to climb (finding and parsing data) trying to build their own database or having to pay for a terminal, ie. reteurs or bloomberg == high-cost barrier to entry. furthermore, there is a serious lack of documentation that contextualises these data streams, ie *why is this metric important, what does it show, how does it relate to the functioning of the market/price discovery.* i think everyone would benefit from having a place to go where they can access: 1. the data cleaned up ***- open database*** 2. the sources of that cleaned up data ***- clear documentation*** 3. insights from that data, snd analysis and forecasting ***- nice dash visualisations using rshiny or similar*** 4. contextual documents, allowing for better understanding ***-*** ***commodity p******rimers*** 5. the code behind all aspects of the platform so the user can go build their own / hopefully sharing improvements etc. ***- public github*** please d/m or comment below if you are interested in teaming up about me: 10 years experience in the commodity industry, starting at an investment bank, moving to a trading house and then a fund. products covered: dry freight, coal, softs (corn & soy), european power gas and emissions. languages: r , python, sql nice one!
weekly ag commodity market thread - discussion and questions well, i am definitely not a mod and this might get taken down, but i've had interesting discussion on here with folks involved in the ag commodity trading world and thought it might be nice to get some sort of a weekly thread up on a regular basis. we see retail investors coming in and asking about the timing of opportunities in various markets, and since we do have a group of people involved in ag commodities professionally we might be able to share information and insight to the benefit of everyone. if this is acceptable to the mods, i am willing to try and come up with chart packages (most weeks) that show forward curve, key old crop and new crop charts, some fundamental info, cash market info etc. that could help others get more insight and perspective on what is driving these markets. my knowledge is mostly in corn and soy complex, and less so in wheat. i'd love to get insight from people involved in more of the soft commodities and livestock. i follow energy markets at a high level but don't have professional insight into how those markets tick outside of paying attention to eia and doe releases and various crack spreads. hopefully, at some point we could have a thread like this for energy and metals as well. if this seems well received, i can try to put together some charts as a starting point for this week and we can see where this takes us. basic info i am paying attention to this week to start conversation is: corn - market trying to reconcile cash market tightness with better rains in south america to try and aid safrinha crop as well as an above average pace in us planting progress. northwestern us growing areas could use a tad bit of rain but really weather is benign and conducive to a good start to the season. longer term forecasts will be watched closely as we see what july might look like. n/u spread is still near all time seasonal highs prior to n delivery. traders also trying to figure out how many more acres we will see in june wasde versus the march intentions number given private estimates as high as 96m versus closer to 91m from usda. managed money has shed some length but still at significantly elevated levels. further reports of increased acreage and benign weather will likely eat into this length futher. soy complex - bean oil still driving this ship. refining capacity is non existent and last week's pullback was not unexpected given how we've traded this move higher. beans lagging behind and really getting any strength from crush margins firming due to bo strength. meal definite laggard as we are crushing as much as possible for the oil without any significant increase in meal demand. market expects bean acres might also move higher versus planting intentions, but not at all to same extent of corn given economics. managed money in beans is a solid net long but not anywhere near historical max. soybean oil closer to its max long and will likely remain a focus for spec length as the story for soybean oil will not be solved anytime soon. refining capacity is a huge issue given increase in biofuel refiner capacity coming online. ​ i'll let someone else try and take wheat, we'll see if someone has good insight there because i am not super close to it. i can try and take a stab in the future and maybe people can help add to my insight.
looking for old investment bank natural gas trade pdfs a while back someone on one of the quant trading subreddits posted this link with dozens of papers on different quant topics: i'm looking for something similar for natural gas trading. does anyone know if there's a treasure trove of old natural gas research notes from banks floating out there? grok tells me there's a zip with 50 pdfs with natural gas trade ideas / market notes from banks on reddit / wso...but it looks like ai hallucination. shot in the dark here...but anyone have any links for something similar? i'm wanting to learn about how natural gas traders and analysts think and hope to get my hands on some old market notes to read through.
which of the big five independent trading houses would you prefer for your career? if you could choose between trafi, vitol, gunvor, mercuria and glencore. which of these houses would you prefer to work at and why? especially if you would not work as a trader there :)
curious who's here - bg on participants this sub has been getting a lot traction over the last 9 months i've noticed, as an active participant i'm curious to know who else is contributing and create more of a knowledge base for newcomers looking for advice and help in the industry and their careers. i'm a former physical crude trader that moved in to lng who had own shop which was sold to a major trading house. held a seat as board/senior management, and now, semi retired* with more time on my hands than i know what to do with (too much, too young) and i enjoy helping new talent. *running own physical energy prop book
most interesting commodity you’ve seen traded i am the chief strategist of exotic structured products at the premier chicken foot trading company east of the mississippi. what's the weirdest commodity you've ever seen traded? enron’s ram hedging program was pretty interesting.
when will us strategic oil reserve be filled? i saw many articles about how low us strategic oil reserve is. when will biden refill the reserve?? and will oil price go up when this happens? any insight? thank you
urea prices drop $80 in one day. in new orleans, prices for barges are close to $100 lower today... we’re seeing $620 trade for february delivery that’s down from $695 to start the day. consider this - in the last two weeks of the year the physical barge market was trading $760. in the futures market for nola urea prices are just as soft with offers close to $640 for q1 but there aren’t any trades.
brokers vs traders truth for wanna be “pms” i see loads of people post here like, how much would i earn at glencore oil? how much at citadel gas? on ldc grains? goldman options etc etc as if there are these infinite 0.001% jobs available and head of desk seats. in reality i’ve come to the realisation that brokers, origination, sales tend to be compensated way more than traders...at least the ones i’ve spoken too! unless of course you’re a pm running 5mm + var at the firms listed above. which i hate to break it too you, 95% of traders arnt!!! even traders at majors(edit) like bp/shell that are not the head of the desk i feel struggle to break 400k (in europe and uk). on average, with good years and bad years which you experience trading i feel that the broker are compensated much more. moral of the story... don’t just lock in on trading, there is lost money to made everywhere. some of the posts here are the equivalent of saying, “i wanna be real madrids top goal scorer in the la liga”
list of metal trading houses besides trafigura, glencore, etc i’m a first-year master’s student in statistics at unsw, australia, with a bachelor's degree in mathematics from mcgill university, canada. bilingual in chinese and english, i'm aiming to build my career in china or hong kong. while refining my job search, i realized that aside from those well-known trading houses, i know little about smaller companies in metal trading due to the secretive nature of this industry. i thought mining companies might have trading divisions, similar to those in oil. however, i learned that most mining firms prioritize cash flow and rarely hold assets (no temporal arbitrage), with ixm, a cmoc subsidiary, being an exception, and of course, glencore. i then tried to identify miners' customers via offtake agreements to compile a list of trading houses, but information was limited. are there alternative ways to find these companies, and do you know of any lesser-known firms besides ixm? also, vertical integrations seem to be a trend. do you think pure trading houses like trafigura will in the future become like glencore? or mining companies will begin to have their own trading teams?
meet 4 cargill traders .... here's an article about cargill commodity traders and their daily work -- for those of you seeking info on such a career [
lng pricing - how does it work? i understand the crude benchmarks and how it's subject to forces of global snd / geopolitics while nat gas is inherently regional / local and is driven by pipeline snd. in terms of lng, are the benchmarks set based off of ttf / nbp / jkm and operate in a similar way to crude in terms of snd impact to pricing? (i.e. biden's export ban, european / asian demand and us supply dynamic influencing the pricing for trades). any color on this would be great even if it is elementary in nature.
trafigura's commodities demystified (link below) was published 6 years ago, what has changed the most since then? [ i'm a uni student interested in commodity trading and have recently finished this white paper. since 2018, we have seen a pandemic, wars, massive inflation and so on. do you think any information stated in this paper is slightly outdated?
what does it take to be a commodities trader? i’m interested in trading for two reasons 1) dynamic environment, every day is different and 2) high integration with macro environment and unpredictability in these variables seems exciting from an outsider’s perspective. i’m an engineer in oil and gas and i don’t think engineering is right for me. hence interested in commodities trading. what should you like/tolerate to be a trader? what type of personalities make good traders? what is the hardest part about the job?
market risk i’ve got an upcoming interview for a market risk analyst position for an oil desk at a big bank. in terms of why market risk, what are they looking to hear? i could give a great answer for trading but not quite sure about market risk and obviously i can’t say i see it as a way into potentially becoming a trader etc. any recommendations would be greatly appreciated
breaking into energon trading hi r/commodities, i’m a fresh cybertronian grad trying to break into energon trading. feels like a real career lane with upside if i can get a foot in the door and not blow up on a decepticon basis swing my first week. quick take on the market: post–great war rebuild = steady demand, with autobots spending on infrastructure and decepticons posturing with “strategic stockpiles,” so there’s a structural bid. the curve flips between sleepy contango when field ops are quiet and spicy backwardation when raids hit—roll yield matters, and storage/space-bridge capacity is the hidden edge. basis gets weird across mine-mouth cube, refined liquid, and the fancy allspark-adjacent blends thanks to conversion losses and raid insurance. about me: i did mechatronic finance at iacon institute (minor in war economy). i interned at a mid-tier autobot shop on nights—pnl recs, a subspace-signal harvester for quotes, and coffee strong enough to strip paint. my capstone modeled the energon term structure under decepticon shocks (level/slope/“decepti-vol”), and a carry + ctd roll captured decent paper sharpe before bridge tolls took their tax. tools i actually use: teletraan-1 datapads with powerglide query modules and unholy matrix-lookup chains; cybertronscript with vector sigma arrays for small schedulers; and allsparkql for the data lake (i can seeker-join until primus tells me to stop). risk-wise i get the basics—var (value at ravage), stops, and not martingaling myself into scrap. where i’d sit: autobots feel like a flow/infrastructure house—mission vibes, real optionality, heavy on kyb (know your bot). decepticons are sharper, more pnl-first, allegedly better payout grids, allegedly worse hr—high beta to raids, which could be fun if you like volatility. on the physical side (decepticon lift earth → cybertron): the chain is basically field extraction → cube/liquefy on earth → shuttle to space-bridge nodes → time-windowed repatriation to darkmount. throughput gets rationed by shockwave logistics, and tolls float off a war-risk index. the unit stack is earth wellhead + refining + lift + bridge toll + insurance + sabotage reserve + lunar anchorage demurrage, marked vs cif darkmount. ops watch-outs: cycle time earth→darkmount, bridge-slot utilization, convoy attrition/shrink (the quintesson quota tax), and discharge cube integrity. the hedge i’d run is long physical vs short cybertron fronts, sprinkled with war-risk options and a rolling buffer to monetize backwardation without bricking the tanks. a few starter edges i’d try: a raid-probability nowcast from subspace chatter + sensor anomalies to size front-spread hedges; cross-grade arb between cube and liquid around refinery yields; and a bridge-locational spread model that prices latency, tolls, and sabotage risk into routing. things i’m hoping the hive mind can help with: 1.) better to start on an autobot physical/logistics desk to learn “molecules” (cubes) or jump straight to a decepticon prop seat if i clear the interviews? 2.)real talk on wlb vs wfc (work-life balance vs war for cybertron) by faction—am i booking a chassis rebuild every quarter? 3.)comp red flags like “% of book after railgun losses” or deferred cubes vesting in beastformers/combiners? 4.) book recs beyond trading the curve and options, vol, and mecha—already did when genius burned out my optics. 5.) best “why energon?” answer that isn’t “number go up” or “i like pressing buy when it’s shiny.” day one, i’ll handle confirmations, recs, eod pnl, exposure buckets, and clean data until it gleams. i’ll babysit the curve through andromeda hours and ping early on quintesson-induced shocks (swing-producer headlines). i can also ship small tools fast—a clean contango/backwardation holo-dashboard with roll attribution, a basis heatmap by grade/bridge/region on a tactical hud, and a tidy post-mortem template so we don’t repeat dumb stuff. open to replies, resume roasts, or being told to pivot to stasis-pod reits. not investment advice—definitely a cry for mentorship. roll yield, not roll out.
grad scheme/trader scheme interviews ama over the last couple of weeks (mainly since traf opened up their new grad scheme) this sub, and my dms, have been flooded with people all asking the same questions: how can i best prepare for the interview, what can i expect, etc. while it’s been a while, i’ve interviewed tons of people for these schemes. with that in mind, i’m going to do an ama and i’ll do my best to offer some guidance to those of you who are applying/have made it through the first round of the upcoming interviews. good luck to everyone.
any interviews of successful commodities traders? hi guys, i'm in college. i'm quite into stockpicking, but the commodities markets are so fascinating to me, but i know next to nothing about it. i was just wondering if you guys could give me links to any interviews or lectures of any successful commodity trader. it can be any commodity. i guess i want to understand what their strategies are, how they collect data, what goes into their process, things like this. any help is much appreciated, thanks so much!
interest in electricity/power trading? browsing trading jobs within the us, and seeing tons of jobs involving electricity and power in multiple regions in the us. i’m seeing the demand for talent, but how is the supply out there? as a petrochemical guy myself, i have zero interest in that commodity/job field, and the constant posting of jobs over the last few years has me wondering if these companies are having a hard time finding qualified (or interested) individuals. for example, i know ngl gigs were in massive supply in late ‘23 through 2024, but not seeing a lot of those postings now as those are desirable roles in houston especially.
how different is it to be a physical trader at an oil major like shell compared to a large trade shop like vitol? different in any sense. thanks!
shell supply and trading i am currently a senior (studying math and stats) looking for full time roles. i want to go into quantitative trading/research or energy commodity trading. i have an offer to work for shell supply and trading; specifically their graduate rotational program. in this role, i work for three years. my first 18 months i work as a crude commercial operator (supporting scheduling of oil, tracking volumes of crude oil, working with operational data, etc.). however, after these 18 months, i transition to a different role within supply and trading which could be anything from compliance, business development, trading, it, etc. this really depends on where they need help and my work interest. once these 36 months are done, i must reapply to different full time roles at shell as employment is not guaranteed after the 3 years are done. i am quite nervous to accept this offer due to the uncertainty of where i will end up in the future. i do want to pursue a career in the energy markets, but do not know if this is the offer i should accept and wonder if it will lead me to eventually become working as a quantitative energy trading. if anyone has some insight or advice i would love to hear it. any additional information would be very helpful. thanks.
gas/lng analyst market is over supplied. you are late and should pivot to other commodities. i write this post with good intent to help graduates who plan to enter gas/lng business. gas/lng analysts are plenty and head hunters have already created pipeline of candidates for their clients. for you to enter now and hoping to make 100k in uk+europe will be difficult. all the analytics for the desks are already built. its very likely that many firms will start losing money because only few can win. power trading is also very algorithmic now so if you are not a stem graduate then forget about it. you can start as shift trader but there is a chance that you will be stuck in shift roles for years. being better than a marginal analyst in this business is not easy which is something i learnt late in life.
gas trader salary e.g edf hi all, new to the group here and learning about gas trading. curious to know how much someone could earn being a gas trader at a big european business like edf in the uk/london. what does the progression look like from junior to senior dependant on experience. hoping someone can share there thoughts. curious to know the work life balance too and challenges of the job. thanks, edit - when i mentioned salary, forgot to add total comp, so how much variable (bonus/commission) would they typically see in a year ?
vitol ceo says there is an "arms race" underwy for ai driven oil trading we used to take floor traders -or refiners they dealt with- to lunch to learn the "secret sauce". enjoy! [
i need your help for weather forecasts hello, i need your help with a weather forecast service. for about two years now, i’ve been delving into futures trading, specifically focusing on cocoa. i chose cocoa even before the extreme price increase happened. as a beginner, i felt it was sensible to concentrate on just one commodity at first. however, i still have a major gap: i don’t yet have a detailed understanding of weather patterns, for example, in west africa. i’m particularly looking for something that offers specialized forecasts for commodities—ideally directly for cocoa. how does the weather impact cocoa, etc.? maxar technologies offers such services, but only for business customers. so i’m asking you, how do you approach this, and which services do you use as private customers? i’ve read a bit about best weather inc. do you know them, and if so, what’s your opinion on their services? or do you have better alternatives or other solutions?
accessing ice/cme data as a retail trader hey all, i currently work on a real-time desk at a generation company and am aiming to transition into a power trading role at a hedge fund or prop firm in the future. however, my current role does not provide access to ice or cme market data. to get a head start, i’m interested in analyzing power contracts and would like to know where i might be able to access such datasets essentially as a retail trader. any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. thanks!
understanding difference between trader and broker. can someone help me understand the difference between a commodity trader and broker? i guess my first thought process was that the trader is brokering a deal. the trader finds a refinery in the us that is selling refined products and he also finds a country in europe that needs said refined product. he matches them together and creates a spread to make a profit. when i think of these traders i am thinking of trafigura, vitol, glencore, etc.. where does a broker become involved and what is their value to the transaction. i have seen that some brokers specialize in futures products, swaps, etc. are they the party that hedges for the trader? an in depth breakdown would be greatly appreciated.
pros & cons of trading commodities to give context, i am the equivalent of a newborn chick when it comes to trading. currently trying to decide which path to walk down and those of you who have been trading commodities for years have insight as to why you trade commodities and not some of the other avenues. any advice is welcome.
salary and bonus as a trader i’m reading more and more about commodities trading and the trading houses every day, but one thing these companies aren’t advertising is their compensation. what does a total compensation breakdown look for someone at the various stages of being a commodities trader and how many years out would people get access to those promotions (grad program, trader, senior, etc...)?
is anyone using satellite imagery to research commodities? i've been using a satellite imagery tool called skyfi for real estate research, and i'm wondering if/how it could be applied to commodities, particularly oil.
lumber prices keep rising lumber is the new gold lumber is up by 8.6% in the past month. the whole supply chain is in chaos and the demand remains ahead of production.
its motherfucking report day y'all trying something new here. for the followers along-today is the first of 3 major reports in the calendar year for us grain folks. it's grain stocks and prospective acres day. basically our superbowl of volatility while we watch the assholes at the usda fuck up reports. what this means for the market: the usda is going to publish predictions for crop year ending stocks, as well as planting intentions for major crops in the united states. soybeans, corn, wheat, sorghum, etc. estimates so far are all over the place, and the market has been moving violently as a result. i think we should discuss and meme about this. i'll take first crack. i think soybeans come in at 100mbu ending stocks, corn 1.0bbu, soy acres 89.5, corn acres 93. i'm intending to be just super wrong. edit: the usda fucking did it again. those acreage estimates are a fucking indictment of the system. june is gonna be lit y'all!!!!!
commodity of the week: soybean **what are soybeans?** glycine max, commonly known as soybean in north america or soya bean, is a species of legume native to east asia, widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses. the plant, classed as an oilseed rather than a pulse by the un food and agriculture organization, produces significantly more protein per acre than most other uses of land. fat-free (defatted) soybean meal is a significant and cheap source of protein for animal feeds and many packaged meals. for example, soybean products, such as textured vegetable protein (tvp), are ingredients in many meat and dairy substitutes.[5] the beans contain significant amounts of phytic acid, dietary minerals and b vitamins. soy vegetable oil, used in food and industrial applications, is another product of processing the soybean crop. traditional non-fermented food uses of soybeans include soy milk from which tofu and tofu skin are made. fermented soy foods include soy sauce, fermented bean paste, natto and tempeh. the main countries growing soybeans are the united states (32% of world total, 2016 forecast), brazil (31%) and argentina (18%).[6] [why soyabeans are the crop of the century]( **what is the soybean supply chain?** [supply chain]( the main soybean production area in the us stretches from the eastern parts of the dakotas and nebraska, across iowa and southern minnesota, and over to the western half of ohio. as a result, the us soybean crushing industry is concentrated in this region(see exhibit 29 and exhibit 31). furthermore, soybean crush capacity is concentrated among two companies (adm and bunge) that represent more than 79% of open operations [map of brazilian soybean production]( [map of argentine soybean production]( **what are current market prices and trends?** [ft price information]( [soybean future contract specs]( **news:** [usda feed outlook (next report available july 14]( [us farmers to plant record acres of soyabeans]( **educational links:** [ united states department of agriculture economic research service soybean and oil crops]( [competitive analysis of chinese soybean import suppliers ]( [elements, feasibility and coordination mechanisms of ip soybean supply chains]( [innovation in agriculture: incentives for adoption and supply chain development for energy crops]( [soy in the amazon](
are there any gas and power traders that don't have meteorologists? i've been researching natural gas trading and it seems that most gas and power trade companies hire in house meteorologists to help get an edge in weather. this has me wondering, are there any funds out there that trade financial natural gas and power and do not have in-house meteorologist? it seems that all serious traders hire meteorologists, but are there any successful groups that do not? in other words, is it possible to have an edge without your own weather team?
best role to take for power trading hello everyone, i am currently an swe with a double major in cs+math, based in the us (willing to relocate anywhere in the country), interested mostly in power and am fortunate to have landed three opportunities: 1. **market operations analyst at an iso/rto (ex. ercot, caiso, miso, etc.):** 1. responsible for running software that clears day-ahead market, doing power system analysis, creating tools and conducting analysis to support market operations. 2. **settlements analyst at a large commodity trading house (ex. vitol, gunvor, trafigura, etc.):** 1. according to the hiring manager, some people in the same role after 1-2 years in settlements have transitioned to gas scheduling and real time power trading roles at the same company. 3. **commercial operations rotational analyst at an ipp/utility (ex. calpine, nrg, nextera, etc.):** 1. will rotate through power and gas operations and scheduling for 1-2 years (12 hr shifts). afterwards, will be placed in power or gas depending on personal strengths and company needs. i am most interested in becoming a power trader (preferably not real time) or any quantitative commodity trading role, trading analyst, or market analyst in that order. i enjoy quantitative analysis and programming, but want to prioritize securing a position where i'm able to take risk as a trader, or inform trading decisions as a trading analyst (i am aware that the next step after becoming a trading analyst is a trader). i am also interested in transmission analysis/ftrs, though i don't have an ee background so don't know how viable this path is. however, i have seen people on linkedin go from isos/rtos to become transmission analysts/ftr traders, though they usually spend 5-10 years at an iso and also have graduate ee degrees. which of these three options offers the most direct/straightforward path to becoming a non-rt power trader or quant commodities trader? thank you!
castleton commodities international have an intern offer for summer 2026 (trading) with one week to sign. considering taking this offer or waiting for bigger firms like equinor/glencore to get back to me. is castleton just as much of a respected name in the industry? how does pay compare for analysts (entry level) at these firms? what are some of the main culture differences between the oil majors, trading firms, etc? i want to become a oil/natgas quant trader in the next 5ish years.
got into energy trading — thinking long-term now hello everyone, i’m a recent msc economics grad from southern europe and was set on getting into commodity trading. i accepted the first job that gave me a foot in the door, and i’m genuinely grateful for the opportunity. right now i’m working in renewable and storage asset trading in the power markets. the role is interesting, but for now the focus seems to be more on operations than on analysis or strategy. it’s a solid start, but as i think long-term, i’m not sure i see strong career prospects in electricity trading in europe , it feels too niche and regulated. i’m thinking i’d prefer broader commodity exposure, especially to gas. i’m considering applying to graduate programs at firms like trafigura, glencore, or incommodities when they reopen in august, aiming for a 2026 start. by then i’d have over a year of experience but still be eligible. would love to hear your thoughts : am i off about the electricity trading space in europe? anyone else made a similar pivot? ps: for those curious — salary is €30k in a very expensive southern european city (think barcelona).
commodities course recommendations hi everyone, i’m currently in banking & finance, thinking of pivoting into the commodities industry. i have been searching for courses and would like to ask for recommendations. shipping and commodity academy (saca) is the only one i’ve come across so far & it’s about $1500, wondering if there are any alternatives that might be free or cheaper. if not i would sign up for saca. thanks for the help in advance
is trading just financing + logistics? hello everyone, been following this sub for a while and constantly amazed at the depth of insight available. i'm in dry bulk shipping so always exposed to commodities one way or another and while do not have direct trading experience for bulk commodities, fairly knowledgable on freight. this will be a hypothetical question but the feeling we have on the freight side regarding the role of trading houses' is essentially acting as a trade financier bridging timing and capital gaps (prepaying the supplier and extending credit to the receiver) + arranging the logistics / storage and not actually making money on arbitrage since it cannot exist over a long period of time and margins would be too tight. of course this is not to say traders do not make any money on location/time arbitrage, of course they do, but the main backbone of the business is simply providing credit to buyers and making money on the difference between the buyers' cost of finance vs that of the traders'. is this wrong or an oversimplification? happy to hear any counter arguments and thanks in advance.
future as an energy trader hey guys, this year i am going to do an internship at a trading desk (oil/gas). i am currently studying engineering and really looking forward to my internship but i am curious about the future job market. do you think it's possible that oil/gas won't have a major relevance in +10/15/20 years (green energy, ai, etc)? as already metioned, i dont have any special working experience but just wanted to ask what traders in this field think. edit: i might limited my question to trading but i am also interested about your opinion on research/analyst/..
question on commodities hedging i've been reading how traders can hedge flat price exposure when purchasing/selling crude oil with crude futures. something does not add up to me. if you purchase crude, do you hedge by selling or buying futures? example: let's say i am a trafi/gunvor/glencore trader. for instance, i enter into an agreement to purchase 1000 crude barrels from west africa for delivery in two months at the brent price in 2 months - $2/bbl differential. current spot crude trading at $70/bbl. let's say i hedge my exposure by selling futures for delivery in 2 months at $71/bbl. in 2 months time, after delivery of crude, 2 scenarios. 1. spot crude trades at $75/bbl. i buyback my futures at $75/bbl. my total cost = $81/bbl (75+4) 2. spot crude trades at $65/bbl. i buyback my futures at $65/bbl. my total cost = $59/bbl (65-6) how does this add up. i am not hedging any exposure here. shouldn't i be buying crude futures (and selling futures subequently) when i purchase crude and sell crude futures when i sell crude (and buyback futures subsequently)? fyi this is from an article on risk management by trafi which is causing me all this confusion.
left my role as a trader so as the title says really. i left my role as a trading analyst at a market making firm in the uk. i don’t really know how to feel it’s been a few weeks. the main reasons i left was because i was working 15-18 hours a day and my health was getting worse. my blood pressure was quite high i had other issues begin popping up, which i believe were from lack of sleep and high stress. i still think i maybe my decision was too quick and should go back as i had only been there a few months. i know very few places make you work that many hours at that high stress. there’s other firms where you’re working a lot less hours and i know it’s best to look out for health. you can probably look at my posting history and see how it was going but do you guys think it was a mistake to leave or i was just getting overworked edit: i’m also contemplating what my next steps should be. any help would be appreciated
rejected from both bp and shell grad schemes. as title says, got rejected at the online assessment stage where you respond to hypothetical scenarios at work. are there “right” answers to these assessments that i just haven’t figured out yet? is it likely i failed purely on this, or something else in my application? shame they don’t go into more detail about why one fails but i guess they just have so many applicants.
compensation comparison - trader at a commodity firm vs commodity trader at a dedicated trading firm i've been looking over compensation levels for traders that work at commodity firms (glencore, trafigura, bp, vitol, chevron, etc.) and form what i've seen the compensation for these traders is generally lower than commodity traders at dedicated prop trading firms/hedge funds (optiver, citadel, qrt, jane street, hrt, etc.). would love to hear your insights why is that the case (or why is that not the case)?
a significant global uranium supply deficit explained - it's like the usa and saudi arabia not producing oil anymore. hi everyone, most of the investors when talking about commodities are used to hear about gold, copper, oil, gas, ... uranium on the other hand is a less known commodity. the global uranium supply and demand is in a serious deficit and the uranium price today is still too low to incentives enough new production in the lt to get the global uranium supply and demand back in equilibrium. today the uranium spotprice is \~52 usd/lb, while a price of 80 usd/lb is needed (based on the global production cost curve versus the global annual uranium consumption) the demand for uranium is also growing year afer year due to the global nuclear reactor fleet increase (china, india, ...) even japan now wants to build new reactors. ​ **why is there a global deficit (part 1 and part 2)?** the uranium sector was in a long bear market since 2011 (fukushima). by consequence not enough investments were made in the sector to get new uranium production ready on time to replace uranium mines that are getting depleted now and in the coming years. in the meantime the uranium demand is increasing year after year. => **deficit part1** since 2022 a additional supply problem occured, namely a shift from underfeeding (=secondary uranium supply) to overfeeding (secondary uranium demand) due to a loss of enrichment capacity. a problem that will take many years to solve. => **deficit part2** the impact of the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding will lead to: \- an additional supply gap of \~30 million ponds in 2022 (\~20 million lbs from underfeeding gone + \~10 million lbs (start of overfeeding)) (imo and cameco saying in may 2022 that underfeeding was already gone!) \- an additional supply gap of \~50 million pounds in 2023 (\~20 million lbs from underfeeding gone + \~30 million lbs (overfeeding in full speed)) (based on experts from the nuclear fuel cycle) as a comparison, the global primary uranium supply in 2022 is \~135,000,000lb ​ before the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding, tradetech predicted a 200 million lbs uranium demand compared to only 135 million lbs of total global uranium production in 2022 + 20 million secondary supply from underfeeding, which already led to an annual global uranium deficit of \~45 million lb in 2022 **adding the additional annual deficit of \~30 mlbs (part 2) from the shift to this \~45 mlbs deficit (part 1) results in a total global supply deficit of \~75 million lbs in 2022** ​ based on my estimates the global uranium production in 2023 could increase by 20 million pounds (if everything goes according to all the production plans. but in reality it never goes smoothly, so it will probably be less than 20 million pounds). but ok, let's pretend a 20 million pounds increase of global uranium production in 2023, meaning a total global production of \~155 million pounds in 2023. 200 million lbs uranium demand compared to only 135 + 20 million lbs uranium production in 2023 + 20 million secondary supply from underfeeding that will not exist in 2023, which would have led to an annual global uranium deficit of \~25 million lb in 2023 **adding the additional annual deficit of \~50 mlbs (part 2) from the shift to this \~25 mlbs deficit (part 1) again results in a total global supply deficit of \~75 million lbs in 2023** important to note here is that the estimated global production increase of 20 million lb in 2023 is only possible if the uranium price goes significantly higher than the \~52 usd/lb today. uranium miners will not start or restart production to sell uranium at a loss. period! ​ **what is a global annual 75 million uranium deficit?** the global annual uranium supply deficit in 2022 is \~75mlbs (45+30) and again \~75mlbs (25+50) in 2023 compared to a annual 200mlbs uranium consumption. so this 75mlbs deficit is a 37.50% shortage for global consumption + no spare enrichment. **it’s like having the 2 biggest oil producing countries (usa and saudi arabia) not producing oil anymore!** ​ today the uranium spotprice is at \~52usd/lb, while us miners need a sell price well above 60usd/lb and cameco said in may: ”to restart our us assets we need at least 80usd/lb” note: high season (september/october till february/march) in the uranium sector is about to start. ​ if interested: a) **sprott physical uranium trust** (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange) is an investment in physica uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 16.93 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~51usd/lb. 18.50cad/sh would represent an uranium price of only \~56usd/lb. 21.50cad/sh would represent an uranium price of only \~65usd/lb. ​ b) **yellow cake** (yca on london stock exchange) is also an investment in physica uranium without being exposed to the mining risks yellow cake (421 gbp) still trading at a discount over nav of \~8.5% ​ c) **sprott uranium miners** etf (urnm etf): well diversified 100% uranium sector etf d) individuel uranium company stocks (cameco, kazatomprom, paladin energy, global atomic, ur-energy, denison mines, ...) cheers
history repeating itself? the "regulators" back in the 1970's when bunker hunt had a corner on the silver market stepped up and prohibited buying silver but not selling it. thus, the order flow was to the sell side of the ledger and that nearly bankrupted bunker hunt. now, the 'regulators" are doing the same in game stop on certain apps and the same for amc and so on.
some of these gold-to-commodity ratios are getting pretty wild i was curious recently when i saw how cheap a number of commodities were looking, and i decided to look into the actual preservation of purchasing power over time of gold, and how a number of different commodities compare historically to the price of gold. i’ve always been interested in trying to figure out the true value of things, so i spent a good bit of time crunching a lot of data. one thing that really stood out to me was when i compared the most popular ford 100 years ago to the most popular ford today — the old model t vs. a modern f-150. gold has basically preserved the cost of that vehicle almost exactly across a century. seeing that lined up next to how cheaply a lot of commodities are pricing relative to gold right now made the whole picture feel even more extreme. ultimately i think we’re in a historic time. these ratios are already at levels i haven’t seen before, and the reverse yen carry trade might end up pushing this all to even more extreme levels. if anyone is interested, i put a video covering everything in the comments below.
how do natural gas traders and analysts think about weather? i'm looking into some eia data and i'm seeing very strong relationships between natural gas inventories and temperatures. and if inventories are what drives price, then it seems that price is mostly just a product of the weather to my untrained eye. so how do natural gas traders tend to think about this data? is trading natural gas from a high level standpoint really just trading weather? what is the benefit of modeling underlying fundamentals when weather seems to play such a large role in stocks?
macquarie commodities hey, just wanted to get a sense. as someone who wants to go into physical commodities trading long term, particularly energy, how is macquarie as a place to start out. i would like in the long run to end up at a major or physical shop. anything helps thank you!
analyst or trader - power hello everybody, i am currently working as a gas analyst, for my first job. i am thinking to move to the power market. i should have around 1 year of experience of the gas market when i will move. my question is : is it better to start as a power analyst, or as an intraday power trader. my goal in the long run is to become a trader, but if starting as an analyst makes me a better trader in the long run, i don’t mind. i feel that as an analyst, you understand the market better, but you don’t learn any trading skills (portfolio management, risk management, ...) but i am scared that if you start as a trader, you are a bit too focused on your perimeter of trading, and lack of a global understanding of the market. you might also have less time to go in things into depth. what are the common career path you’ve seen ? happy to hear any point of view / insight ! (ps : i am based in the eu, and graduated from an energy trading course)
python for commodities i noticed an increasing trend of companies asking for individual to be proficient in one programming language as part of their requirement such as rwe graduate program. i’m planning to learn python to remain competitive but i’m unsure if they are looking out for the data analytics side or development side of python. would appreciate if anyone could give me advice :) thank you edit: i’m hoping to join the commercial side! and i have no intention to be a developer
top oil trading firms (london) i'm currently working as an analyst at one of london's oil trading firms but finding myself increasingly disillusioned with my current position. i'd really value insights from those who have experience at different london-based oil trading houses. looking for recommendations on which firms have the best culture, progression opportunities, and compensation structures - both for analysts and the trader track. particularly interested in hearing about: - culture and work-life balance at different houses - realistic progression timeline from analyst to trader - compensation expectations at different levels - which firms are known for developing talent vs. mainly external hiring - general reputation within the industry would especially appreciate hearing from those who've worked at multiple firms and can provide comparisons. while i understand comp discussions can be sensitive, even rough ranges would be helpful for benchmarking. feel free to dm if you'd prefer to share more detailed insights privately.
switching from physical commodities to bank/derivatives hi, is someone working in the commodity trading division of a major bank and can explain a bit what exact differences there are to speculative, directional trading as is done in physical trading houses? e.g. you're a base metals trader at glencore vs. the job as a metals trader in an investment bank. my understanding is that in a bank the trading desk's primary task is not to speculate on price moves (i.e. prop trading), conducting snd research and analysis to build fundamental convictions etc. but rather supply clients in that specific commodity sector with risk management solutions i.e. being more a type of market maker or risk manager of the banks commodity exposure and at best make a profit not only with the products/solutions but also with taking and managing the book's risk via access to markets (derivatives, fx...). the products/solutions are of course a cross-team effort together with the structurers and sales guys i guess. quant/prop shops from what i know are more similar to the big physical shops to that regard that they trade prop and mostly directional across multiple instruments and markets. just missing the fundamental and physical side but adding significant importance on systematic/quant methodologies and (quant) research. i am working as a trader in a large physical trading house but as every job is called the same ("trader") i sometimes wonder what exactly are the differences between the players. happy to not be the smartest in the room here and hear from you guys as i am curious, thanks.
how does commodity trading houses (vitol/glencore/trafi) make money? have an interview coming up. want to know how these firms actually use arbitrages to make profits. e.g. vitol agrees to buy 1000 barrels of crude oil from a producer in north africa and later sells this to a refiner in asia. how could vitol price the oil to the producer and the refiner to maximize profit? how can vitol potentially make money out of this trade through the 3 transformations: time, location, grade?
trafigura has a new oil and gas "boss". started in their junior trader programme. here you go: "holtum joined trafigura in 2014 via its junior trading programme and rose rapidly through the ranks, becoming head of gas, power and renewables just eight years later. " [
python projects for physical trading? i am a fairly non-technical person but have been ramping up on studying python - mainly all the syntax and the main data libraries (numpy, pandas, seaborn, matplotlib, plotly). what are some basic projects that would be recommended in the context of physical commodity trading? (automating things, etc.) really looking to develop this as i get a sense that it can help with landing an offer.
hartree to buy ed&f man [hartree to buy ed&f man]( (bloomberg) -- us energy trading firm hartree partners lp agreed to buy the commodities business of ed&f man, a storied uk trader of raw materials that traces its history back more than 240 years. hartree has already acquired the majority of ed&f man’s outstanding debt and is expected to complete the rest of the transaction in 2025, subject to regulatory approvals, hartree said friday in a statement. the deal includes ed&f man’s three business units that trade sugar, coffee and liquid products such as molasses. the acquisition of one of the most historic names in commodity trading by a relative newcomer is the latest sign of how a bonanza in energy profits during the past few years is reshaping the industry. hartree, previously known as hetco, has in recent years invested cash from its energy trading into a rapidly growing metals business and hired traders to handle in agriculture derivatives. “this agreement marks the exciting first step in the expansion of hartree’s global commodities platform into soft commodities,” guy merison, one of hartree’s founding managing directors, said in the statement. separately, another commodity trading deal was announced friday. vitol group, a major force in oil markets, agreed to buy the last remaining piece of fallen asian commodity trader noble. ed&f man, which once supplied rum to the royal navy, has been restructured in recent years, having sold non-core and under-performing assets, including its shipping and brokerage business and sugar mills in mexico. in 2022, ed&f man got the green light to ring-fence its commodities business, separating it from the rest of the company. it said last year it had received “several unsolicited approaches,” and its talks with hartree were first reported by bloomberg in may. dutch lender rabobank is supporting the hartree deal and is amending and extending credit facilities provided to ed&f man until march 31, 2026. ed&f man’s businesses have “performed very well and delivered against their plan for growth” since the restructuring, the bank said in a statement.
what are the likes of citadel and millennium doing in commodities they have been in the press the last couple of years with significant profits in commodities / energy. have they been they doing large size getting directional trades right or doing something more sophisticated or diverse? what do the commodities pros think?
trafigura: commodities trading demystified long read, and while it's 6 years old, still very relevant and should cover the common question on this forum "what is commodity trading" and other basic questions.
oil market update oil prices gained as iraq disputes cause a curb in crude exports. to expand on that, the world is abuzz with news of crude prices skyrocketing as the iraqi government and kurdish officials lock horns over the resumption of oil exports. the bone of contention lies in the turkish port of ceyhan, where the two parties were unable to reach a consensus on the export of 400,000 bpd of oil. the iraqi government has vehemently opposed the export of kurdish oil from the port without their approval, leading to a heated debate. adding fuel to the fire is the recent arbitration case won by iraq from the international chamber of commerce. the ruling stated that turkey had violated a 1973 pipeline transit agreement by allowing crude from the kurdish region to be exported without the consent of the iraqi government. this has only further complicated matters and left the world on tenterhooks. as the situation continues to unfold, the implications of this stand-off on the global economy are immense. china, the world's second-largest oil consumer, is expected to see a surge in demand, which will undoubtedly affect prices. the country's largest refiner, china national petroleum corp, predicts a staggering +5.1% increase in oil demand, reaching 756 mmt this year, as china emerges from the pandemic. however, things have not been entirely rosy for the chinese market. jan-feb witnessed a -9.4% decline in car sales, and international flights from china were operating at only 22% of pre-pandemic levels as of march 16. that being said, rising crude demand in india has provided a bullish factor for oil prices. on wednesday, india's oil ministry reported that crude oil imports in february had risen by +8.5% yoy to 19.1 mmt, the highest in the past seven months. additionally, vortexa's recent report has revealed that the crude stored on tankers that have been stationary for at least a week saw a +6.9% wow increase to 96.53 million bbl in the week ending march 24. all of these factors are bound to have a significant impact on the crude oil market, and it will be interesting to see how the situation develops in the coming days.
market view on exxon global trading i’m curious what the general industry opinion is on exxon’s global trading organization. from the outside, the growth looks pretty significant compared to where they were at launch ~2 years ago, doubling the london trading team, a major lng footprint in singapore, spinning up a prop power desk in houston, and now the recent agreement to build a power plant in texas. seems like they’re expanding aggressively across barrels, lng, and power. but i’ve also heard some mixed things from people in the past: • lots of internal red tape • traders spending more time building decks to get approval instead of actually trading • compensation not really being “trader-style,” i.e., not tied to p&l the same way it is at merchants or funds is this perception still accurate? or has the culture changed as global trading matures and becomes more independent from the upstream/downstream business units? curious how people inside the space view their trajectory — is exxon becoming a real competitor to the big merchants, or still too bureaucratic to fully compete? would appreciate any insight from people who’ve worked there, competed with them, or interviewed recently.
fundamental analysis on crude oil i'm trying to do a fundamental analysis of crude oil, i know what influence crude oil (opec+,dollar index, geopolitics, inventory) but what else is there,because everyone has this information. what else do i have to look? should go more deep by reading eia and api report etc? please help
career advice: 35 yo mathematics fresh grad. hi. i'm 35, i just graduated with a degree in pure maths. 1. i'm tutoring at the university i graduated from. i'm marking linear algebra exams. i also tutor small children on the side in mathematics. 2. education: degree in sociology, degree in mathematics, b1 in russian language, hsk6 in chinese. i'm far from fluent in either. working on russian first. 3. singapore 4. willing to relocate anywhere including middle east, china, russia. would need sponsorship as i'm not actually allowed to work in any of these places 5. not fussy about the commodity but the lore around russian crude, lithium is interesting. 6. summary of my skills: algebra, (elementary) python (numpy, pandas). i'm working on the data analysis and machine learning. with that said--i understand my biggest weakness is my age. i've read many of the posts and i agree that the journey to becoming a commodity trader is a long one. i would like advice on three things 1. how to become a trader? i have applied for the grad schemes i could find, data analyst positions. i'm looking for scheduler roles. am i insane? 2. is there a place in the industry for someone like me? what are the non-trader paths i could/should go for? i had an acquaintance who works in compliance for an energy company. the salary is like 120k with no commission. i'm fine with that however i don't have a law or accounting background. 3. it has been emphasised many times that the industry is lean and shrinking. i'm the first to admit i'm not the most talented person. is there a place for those who aren't brilliant? should i just go do something else? thank you.
what are the main weather tools gas and power traders look at in the winter? i read through the #natgas hashtag on x every few days to try and understand the market and i keep seeing lots of weather buzz words and abbreviations come up over and over again like nao, enso, etc. i am wanting to understand what these people are talking about but i am having a hard time figuring out the main things people look at. it seems like another language to me but i'm wanting to learn. can someone give some pointers on the main weather indicators people look at in the winter? what is most significant to monitor this time of year?
scam in oil industry.....but why? recently getting many offers specifically for en590 in singapore. seems like everyone is randomly connected to a mysterious refinery in kaz and seems to have ready cargo at below 500 in the tanks. the delusion of these people are insane and really funny. they cant proof anything up but they swear by their refinery that they are legit. dreamers thinking of making 100,000 usd a month just by sending afew emails via gmail or whatsapping. normally, i wouldn't really pay much attention to them but recently been having more time to explore, i find it a really good past time to just see how they think. they just have 2 documents from the refinery, one set of procedures and one set of pricing. if they have even close anything in bulk, they would have a billion in revenue. so here's my question, how do these fake brokers get in touch with these fake refineries? how is it that there is an endless stream of brokers? literally a fake buyer and a fake seller just trading information. what's the end goal for them?
what sucks about commodity trading today? (building a startup, looking for insides) i’m exploring a startup in commodity trading and want to hear what *sucks* in your day-to-day. no pitch, just research. i’ll share a summary back.
natural gas python projects hey all, i work in natural gas trading (not a utility, we spec trade/manage assets). i’m a fairly advanced excel user but want to make the jump to python. i don’t have much experience in programming but i want to start learning python/applying it to my work. anyone have any ideas of where to start? more specifically, i am aiming to forecast the spreads between hubs between different pipeline interconnects (aka pricing points) and henry hub. would be using pipeline receipts/deliveries, weather data, historical prices, etc.
career path to become a physical energy trader hi, i have read a lot of posts on the difference between a broker and a trader. my goal is to become a trader. however given my background (fresh graduate in business analytics from top 10 university in asia), i find it hard to get my foot through the door. i have had some interviews with trading houses and majors, however, i am always rejected on the basis of lacking industry experience, despite having read extensively on oil and gas trading. given the current job market, i feel like it is going to be tough for me to land a trading analyst/ risk analyst role in a trading house/major. on the other hand, i do have an offer as a derivatives broker. however, from my readings, brokers are being phased out of the industry. i am worried that taking up such a job would lead to career obsolescence. is this a valid concern? also, realistically, how likely am i to transition to a trader after spending a couple years as a broker? what would the trajectory of such a transition look like? any advice would be helpful. thank you!
culture at dare/onyx/commodity mms? hi everyone, i'm currently a gas/power quant at a mid size utility and i've been thinking about moving into market making as a trader or analyst as i quite enjoy the maths behind that aspect of markets, however in the commodity space all i have heard about mms like dare and onyx is that the culture and wlb is terrible... i'm pretty sure i can work sustainably for 10ish hours a day 7 days a week, i basically work this much on researching the industry outside of my office hours anyway. i couldn't really care less about people being d\*cks, i have pretty thick skin but i've heard stories of people working **15 hours a day** all week, and to me that is simply unsustainable for even 3+ months let alone years... could anyone shed some light on whether the comments about wlb and expected output are founded or exaggerated? and if this carries into their power/gas departments and not just oil? any comments are appreciated :)
salary commodity trader hi guys. i have a question that everybody is wondering in the industry. how much money traders in commodity make. please if you have an answer detail which product years of experience. how much in the risk/ middle office / operations you make too thanks for the answers
non trading roles in the commodities world wondering what jobs in the commodity trading world pay well that aren’t trading roles? how do ops / marketing / scheduling / procurement roles pay? what does entry level pay look like? what does hiring / recruiting look like for these roles? any advice or insight is appreciated.
many of you seek a life in the energy trading business. in this tale of woe -from a few years ago -shell and a junior ng trader at shell learn a hard lesson. learn from their mistakes. in this tale of trading woe, you folk wanting to get into the commodity trading side of the energy biz (ng in this case) will be better candidates for jobs if you are aware of this very expensive lesson shell had to learn the hard way from some years back. enjoy! and if you are interviewing with shell, don't bring this up unless they do first. [
twitter accounts for energy insights hi all, i am interested in knowing what people/profiles do yall follow on twitter to keep a track of whats happening in the oil and gas industry, us weather, macro news specific to the energy industry etc.
self-starter oil trading hi all i'm exploring the prospects of oil trading on my own in the long term. perhaps gaining as much knowledge as i can with the access i have to physical and paper traders - and then essentially betting on myself by trading with my own money. i have worked for an oil trading company as a market analyst, risk analyst and then an operator. however i’m wonder if the time i’m spending waiting for trading opportunities can be better spent learning to trade on my own. even if it’s paper trading. i noticed that people on x (twitter) seem to trade on their own. is this correct thinking? if so, appreciate any advice on how to get started, where to get information or guidance. for income planning purposes, have you any idea on capital to employ vs the profit that could be generated? i am essentially planning to bet on myself with regard to my desires to trade. it's something i have always wanted to do. any tips or guidance on will be appreciated! thank you so much.
switching careers to commodity trading at 27 hi everyone, i'm a 27-year-old data analyst currently working for a martech company in london. for a while now, i've felt a strong pull towards the dynamic and meritocratic environment of commodity trading, where high stakes are involved. recently, i secured a graduate trading role at dare, a market-making liquidity provider specializing in energy market derivatives. i’m excited about this new chapter but also a bit apprehensive. is 27 too late to start from scratch in this field? do any of you have tips for someone transitioning into commodity trading? additionally, if anyone has insights or experiences with dare, i'd love to hear about them. thanks in advance for your advice and support!
agricultural commodities hi guys hope everyone is well. so i was recently hired by someone close to me to be there right hand. this individual owns a successful origination/physical ags trading firm. i have 0 experience in trading and have never even looked at a chart before this. i am slowly learning through courses with cme, books and youtube. at the moment he is very busy with the company therefore cannot always spend time guiding me through learning the markets and the industry. however i am trying to be as efficient as possible. he has mentioned multiple times that he wants to improve is hedging ability and that this is one of the things he wants me to learn sooner or later. in regard to understanding learning the market as a beginner or even hedging; what resources, courses, books, etc do you guys recommend to fast track my learning as efficiently as possible as i want to become more useful to my boss and company. thankyou in advance .
difficulty breaking into commodity trading i have been applying for ops / risk / grad programs for a few months and haven’t landed an offer yet unfortunately. all my experience is on the ib/pe side and don’t have robust quant skills (have been working on that since i have 0 programming experience). i’ve also been reading up on whats out there on physical trading (primarily crude). usually, either the top shops have hundreds of applicants applying (made it to a tdp final round and got beat out by a guy with more experience) or the smaller shops tell me they want guys with 3+ yrs of experience. i’ve reached out to recruiters that lead some of these programs but haven’t received any responses. this is something i really hope to do as my career so hoping to hear from anyone who broke in if they have further advice (i’m based in houston). i will continue to cold email some of the smaller shops if they are openings for jr talent.
am i a shitty person that doesn’t care about the world? so, i recently got a job offer as a trading analyst for an oil major, specifically for the carbon team. i don’t know much about it, but i know it’s part of the cap and trade program and how it’s about carbon dioxide. i told my friends about it and everyone is very happy except one of my environmental friends who started judging me very heavily. am i fucked up for taking this position and will i cause more harm than good to the world? p.s i’m not a greta thunberg by any means, just wondering if i should argue w her or if she’s right about what she said about how bad it is thank you in advance!
best way to break into power trading? hey all, i am interested in power trading and am trying to figure out the best way to break in. i have a bachelors and masters in econ, math minor, and statistics certificate. ~2 years of work experience so far, most recently electricity pricing. my understanding is that it is somewhat of a “closed shop”- so far my ideas for trying to break in would be applying to any tangentially related job i could find online (risk analyst, market analyst, portfolio analyst, trading analyst, etc.), as well as networking with some people i know who have made it in that industry. does this seem like the right way to go about this? is there anything else i should know?
an important global nuclear power renaissance at different levels unexpected by many (investors, financial sector, utilities, mining sector, ...), while the future global uranium production at current low uranium prices (~49usd/lb) isn't ready hi everyone, here some longer lecture to discover a new sector. take your time the coming days and coming weekend to check the content and the used sources. **this isn't financial advice. never rush into investments. always take your time to do your own dd before investing.** i'm a long term investor the idea of this long an detailed post is to help to get rid of a misconception many people in western europe and north america still think that global nuclear power generation is decreasing, but in fact year after year the global nuclear power generation increases and the last 5 years an important shift to more use of nuclear power (except in germany and belgium) than previously anticipated has started to occur through licence extensions all over the world (usa, canada, fr, japan, ...) and an acceleration in new nuclear power reactor constructions (china, india, russia, france, uk, usa (smr's), uae, south korea, japan, turkey, egypt, ...) **note:** i notice that i can't post images here, so i had to work with a lot of links to images and graphs. look at the graph at the end of this article: [ global nuclear electricity production: [ ​ **a. new reactor constructions:** in the western world we don't notice it yet, but a lot of new reactors are being build and planned for future construction starts as we speak. grid connections, new construction starts and closures in 2022: [ global reactor database with most recent data about grid connections, new construction starts: [ source: world nuclear association overview of all nuclear reactors in construction today and their planned grid connection: [ source: world nuclear association many people think that nuclear reactors always take more than 10 years to build and go well over budget all the time. but the reality is different. yes, the few new reactors build lately in the western world (vogtle units 3 and 4, ...) went well over budget and over time, but the reactors build in china, india, uae are build in \~6 years time and close to budget. link to graph about all reactor constructions worldwide since the start of use of nuclear power: [ source: iaea why that difference? when building many reactors in western world in 1970-1985 the usa, france, canada, ... were in a kind of "assembly line work" mode (fleet mode construction) where different construction work groups went from one construction site to the next construction site which made the construction more efficient. today china and india are in that same situation (fleet mode construction) as the western world was 1970-1985, while the western world lost that workforce with experience in constructing reactors. link: scroll down to find the graph about "**china nuclear power plant construction"**: [ source: world nuclear association by consequence the few new big reactors build in europe and the usa at the moment take much more time, because the workforce/engineers has to reinvent that knowledge. that same workforce will become more and more efficient at future reactor constructions once again. **chinese big move on nuclear reactor build out** western world (usa, eu, south korea, japan) has an increasing supply security issue on different commodities, one of them is uranium. why? china is significantly increasing their uranium consumption in coming years, while many western countries are making u-turn on the use of nuclear reactors by extending the operational licence of many existing reactors (usa, canada, france, ...) and pushing for new reactors constructions in the future (a couple big reactors and a lot of smr's) the 150 additional big nuclear reactors that china aims to build from 2021 to 2035 will on their own increase the global uranium consumption by 30%. add to that the additional uranium demand from all the new future non-chinese reactors that are being build at the moment and in the near future (india, russian, turkey, egypt, south korea, ... usa (smr's), poland, ...) but even uranium investors are seriously underestimating the uranium supply insecurity of china and the share of global uranium production that china will want to claim for themself for 200 chinese reactors. china wants to secure uranium: a) for 150 new first cores (one new reactor core of a 1000mw reactor needs \~1,450,000lb, one 1200mw reactor needs \~1,700,000lb u3o8) link: [ new nuclear reactors planned (scroll down to find the overview): [ source: world nuclear association b) they need to renew old long term supply uranium contracts signed in 2005-2008 that are coming to their end at the moment. c) to build up their own strategic reserve for their own energy security. look at slide 20: [ source: kazatomprom presentation 1 ton u3o8 = \~2204 lb u3o8 (uranium) 1 ton u = 2600 lb u3o8 => 23,000 tu = **\~ 60 million lb u3o8** only as a strategic reserve added to that the needed uranium: \- for the new 150 chinese new cores (moste future reactors are 1200mw reactors) = 150 x \~1,700,000lb u3o8/ new core = **255 million lb u3o8** \- annual consumption of the existing chinese reactors: one 1000mw reactor consumes \~450,000lb/year **compare this with the total global uranium production 2022 of \~135 million lb u3o8** soon kazatomprom and cameco :“sorry western utility, we have less future uranium production available for you, china took more” after kazatomprom/cameco/orano, china is looking at langer heinrich (paladin energy, cnnc asked to restart the mine as fast as possible & recently cnnc bought 26% of the uranium production of langer heinrich of 2023/2024/2025), rossing (buy all uranium instead of leaving a part for western utilities), kayelekera (lotus energy), dasa (global atomic), ... global atomic (glo), energy fuels (uuuu), ur-energy (urg), encore energy (eu) and paladin energy (pdn) are signing uranium supply contracts with utilities as we speak **united arab emirates** has 4 reactors today, the last one is almost 100% build link: [ source: world nuclear association **india** is also increasing the number of reactors they are going to build the coming years link: [ link: scroll down to find the overviews : "**reactors under construction in india"** and "**power reactors planned"** : [ source: world nuclear association those "2022?" will probably be spread over 2023-2025, like uae did (fleet mode construction): construction start of a couple in 2023, followed by a couple in 2024 and the last construction starts in 2025. ​ **b. many u-turns in favour of nuclear energy recently** when fukusihma nuclear accident happened all 54 japanese reactors were shutdown in 2011-2013 and remained shutdown for many years. today however, **japan** made a big u-turn on that subject: \- today 10 japanese reactors are back in service \- the japanese government wants to restart many other japanese reactors by summer 2023 (i expect it will take a bit longer, so let's say by early winter 2023): [ here an update of january 5, 2023: [ \- japan wants to extend the operational licence of many japanese reactors (=> additional unexpected uranium demand): [ \- japan wants to build new reactors link: [ building new western reactors will take 7 to 10 years, you will say. but look what they want to do in following article: link: [ source: john quakes on twitter japan wants to replace reactors on existing nuclear plant sites while preserving the existing infrastructure of today. this will make the construction of a new working reactor much less longer. 3 months ago japan utilities met with cameco to discuss their future uranium needs, because their uranium stockpile reached a critical low level, like in many other countries with nuclear reactors. **south korea** also made a u-turn recently: [ **usa** is putting everyting in place to support the future massive build out of smr (small modular reactors) in the usa, while extending the operational licence of existing reactors: link: [ other countries making a u-turn in favour of nuclear power are uk, fr, ... **all the u-turns and announced operational licence extensions of existing reactors the last 5 months resulted in an additional \~10,500,000 lb annual uranium demand compared to a total global uranium production of 135,000,000lb in 2022.** also: [ ​ **c. the global uranium supply side** **in 2022 the global uranium production will only reach 135mlbs.** and only with a significant higher uranium price in q42022 than today (\~49usd/lb), the uranium sector could maybe reach 155mlbs global production in 2023. but the annual uranium demand in 2022, **before the \~10,500,000lb of unexpected additional annual uranium demand (july, august, september and october 2022 announcements)** is 190-200mlbs (primary demand + first impact of overfeeding in 2022) **which reduces operational inventories** of producers, convertors and end-users (utilities). => that's a defict of \~75mlb in 2022 (200+10-135) and based on my estimates again a deficit of \~70mlb in 2023 (200+15+10-155) **those operational inventories are now at a critical low level according to uxc (presentation in 1h2022), meaning that there isn't any room anymore to reduce operational inventories further.** so now utilities effectively need to find \~190mlbs in the market! but where exactly? today the uranium spotprice is \~49usd/lb, **while the uranium sector needs 80usd/lb to increase production to be able to get global uranium supply and demand in equilibrium again a couple years after reaching those 80 usd/lb** (due to further inflation, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed instead of 80 usd/lb) now comes the time that this will be translated in much higher upward pressure in the uranium market (this happens gradually, not overnight. i'm a long term investor) and because the natural uranium cost only represents \~5% of total production cost of electricity from a nuclear reactor, utilities will not mind to buy uranium above 100 usd/lb if needed, because the cost of shutting the reactor down due to fuel shortage will cost so much more for the utility than paying 2 times the uranium price of today explanation: total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 50usd/lb uranium price = 100 total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 100usd/lb uranium price = 100+5=105 that's only an increase of 5% of total electricity production cost. pure theory, this isn't a price target: total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 300usd/lb uranium price = 100+(7\*5)=135. (still cheaper than in the case of a doubling of the gas price (see lower)) ​ note: total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 50eur/mwh gas price = 100 total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 100eur/mwh gas price = 100+70=170 that's already an increase of 70% of total electricity production cost. total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 300eur/mwh gas price = 100+(5\*70)=450 => big problem! ​ and in a couple years some existing uranium mines of today will be depleted and will need replacement by new uranium mines. but those new uranium mines need many years of construction and higher uranium prices than today. **conclusion:** the uranium price is about to increase significantly and due to the global risk off mode of investor on the global stockmarket today the uranium mining companies are again very cheap and have a big upside potential in coming months and couple years. and the market always anticipates. **this isn't financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** ​ if interested: a) **sprott physical uranium trust** (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange) is an investment in physical uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 16.50 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~49.00 usd/lb. here the link to the equity research report about sprott physical uranium trust: [ source: john quakes on twitter while the uranium sector needs 80usd/lb to increase production to be able to get global uranium supply and demand in equilibrium again a couple years after reaching those 80 usd/lb. and if the inflation remains high in 2023, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed instead of 80 usd/lb. the needed 80 usd/lb and 90 usd/lb are based on: \- the global production cost curve analysis compared to the global annual uranium consumption; \- cameco in may 2022: "if the nuclear sector wants us to restart are us assets, than we will need 80 usd/lb uranium sell price" \- amir, ceo of uec, when uranium price was \~50 usd/lb said: "utilities need to pay much higher uranium prices for us production. -> but those higher production cost uranium mines are needed to close the uranium supply gap! => if no significantly higher uranium prices => no uranium production => not enough uranium for all utilities. \- ben finegold of ocean wall on october 7, 2022: "term contracting \~90-100 usd/lb" "we have seen break even prices as high as 90 usd/lb" \- ... 2) **yellow cake** **(yca on london stock exchange)** at an uranium price of only \~47.2 usd/lb (= yca share price 396.3gbp/share), while transactions are occurring now above 60usd/lb and even already 70usd/lb here a link to the nav value of yellow cake and their discount compared to nav value: [ c) **sprott uranium miners etf** (urnm etf): well diversified 100% uranium sector etf source: the bear traps report december 4th, 2022, posted by john quakes on twitter: [ note: the bear traps report is a professional report read by 600 institutional investors (banks, hedge funds, ...) the holdings of sprott uranium miners etf (urnm etf): [ => european alternative: **urnm.l** on london stock exchange = hanetf icav - sprott uranium miners ucits etf d) **global x uranium etf** (ura etf): 70% invested in the uranium sector => european alternative: **urnu.l** on london stock exchange = global x etfs icav - global x uranium ucits etf e) **individual uranium companies:** if you are looking for individual uranium companies, you can look at the holdings of sprott uranium miners etf **this isn't financial advice. never rush into investments. take your time to do your own dd before investing.** i'm a long term investor cheers
everything you need to know before starting commodity trading here is my latest video about commodity trading! [ as always, feedback is welcomed!
commodity of the week: potash **what is [potash]( potash is any of various mined and manufactured salts that contain potassium in water-soluble form. potash is produced worldwide at amounts exceeding 30 million tonnes per year, mostly for use in fertilizers. various types of fertilizer-potash thus constitute the single largest global industrial use of the element potassium. potash refers to potassium compounds and potassium-bearing materials, the most common being potassium chloride (kcl). potash is used primarily as an agricultural fertilizer (plant nutrient) because it is a source of soluble potassium, one of the three primary plant nutrients; the others are fixed nitrogen and soluble phosphorus. potash and phosphorus are mined products, and fixed nitrogen is produced from the atmosphere by using industrial processes. modern agricultural practice uses these primary nutrients in large amounts plus additional nutrients, such as boron, calcium, chlorine, copper, iron, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, sulfur, and zinc, to assure plant health and proper maturation. the three major plant nutrients have no substitutes, but low-nutrient-content, alternative sources of plant nutrients, such as animal manure and guano, bone meal, compost, glauconite, and "tankage" from slaughterhouses, can be used. potash denotes a variety of mined and manufactured salts, all containing the element potassium in water-soluble form. **what is the potash supply chain?** all commercial potash deposits come originally from evaporite deposits and are often buried deep below the earth's surface. potash ores are typically rich in potassium chloride (kcl) and sodium chloride (nacl). there are two types of mining methods used in potash mines: *solution mining* underground solution mining is a technique that refers to the dissolution of soluble rock minerals such as salt by using borehole wells to pump water into the deposit and remove the resulting saturated brine. the process is initiated by drilling two wells through the potash resource, followed by developing a solution mining cavern. once the cavern roof is developed, heated fresh water is injected to dissolve the minerals like kcl and nacl. brine with dissolved minerals is brought to surface via the casing system and sent to a processing facility for recovery by crystallization, followed by dewatering and drying. in the evaporation method hot water is injected into the potash which is dissolved and then pumped to the surface where it is concentrated by solar induced evaporation. amine reagents are then added to either the mined or evaporated solutions. the amine coats the kcl but not nacl. air bubbles cling to the amine + kcl and float it to the surface while the nacl and clay sink to the bottom. the surface is skimmed for the amine + kcl which is then dried and packaged for use as a k rich fertilizer—kcl dissolves readily in water and is available quickly for plant nutrition.[13] *conventional underground mining* conventional underground mining involves both underground equipment and personnel. processes include underground mining, crushing, hauling to the surface, flotation and screening of potash. potash is mined using boring machines and is carried to the underground bins by conveyor belts. it is then brought to surface to the mill by the shaft hoist. through processing in the mill, unwanted components are separated to ensure minimum product standards (i.e., > 60%k o) and various particle size categories are met. [potash facility lifecycle stages]( once mined potash is usually processed using potash flotation or crystallization. potash occurs in soft deposits generally associated with sodium chloride and varying amounts of clay slime, which because of its colloidal character, complicates the beneficiation process. potash ores generally contain 20 to 40 percent kcl with the balance being nacl and a small amount of clay slime, the latter usually in the order of 1 to 11⁄2%. flotation has been developed as the principal separating process for the potash salts which generally are coarsely crystalline and free from the sodium salts at about 10 to 14 mesh. in most cases the potash is floated in the froth product and the salt, nacl, discarded as tailings. a plus 60% k2o product is required and flotation normally will maintain grade at 61 to 62% k2o without difficulty provided thorough desliming is accomplished in the classification. [potash flotation]( [read more about flotation]( potash deposits can be found all over the world. at present deposits are being mined in canada, russia, china, belarus, israel, germany, chile, the united states, jordan, spain, the united kingdom, uzbekistan and brazil.[14] demand for potash is driven primarily by its use in fertilizers for food and biofuel production. an expanding global population, changing diets, and decreasing amounts of arable land have increased the need for fertilizer minerals, including potash (magen, 2010a,b). this increase in demand has led to higher prices and interest in new potash sources. most potash is exported in products such as food and as such it won't return to the land it came from. this is a one-way economic system which converts the mineral resources into waste. it also results in intensive use of potash fertilizer which results in runoff problems and pollution. **what are the current market prices and trends?** [potash price charts]( [usgs 2017 potash production report]( **news:** [potash:what’s next for one of the world’s major fertilisers]( **educational links:** [usgs potash statistics and special publications]( [potash—a global overview of evaporite-related potash resources, including spatial databases of deposits, occurrences, and permissive tracts]( [potassium fertilizer production and technology]( [markets and industries](
commodity of the week: amber *thought i would do something fun this week* **what is amber?** amber is fossilized tree resin, which has been appreciated for its color and natural beauty since neolithic times.[2] much valued from antiquity to the present as a gemstone, amber is made into a variety of decorative objects.[3] amber is used in jewelry.there are five classes of amber, defined on the basis of their chemical constituents. because it originates as a soft, sticky tree resin, amber sometimes contains animal and plant material as inclusions.[4] amber occurring in coal seams is also called resinite, and the term ambrite is applied to that found specifically within new zealand coal seams.[5] **what is the amber supply chain?** about 90% of the world's amber comes from kaliningrad oblast in russia which has been mined since the 12th century. amber can be dredged from the seafloor or mined in open pit or underground mines. in the caribbean, colombian copal and dominican blue amber are mined using dangerous bell pit mining. heat and linseed oil are then used to shape, refine, and craft the amber. "amber" perfumes may be created using combinations of labdanum, benzoin resin, copal (itself a type of tree resin used in incense manufacture), vanilla, dammara resin and/or synthetic materials. **what are current market prices and trends?** amber 500 euro/1 kg rub (₽) spbex **educational links:** [pushing back amber production]( [natural evolution of western shore of the sambian peninsula on completion of dumping from an amber mining plant]( [a new proposal concerning the botanical origin of baltic amber]( [the amber trail in early medieval eastern europe]( [influence of amber mining on the concentration and chemical composition of suspended sedimentary matter](
could someone recommend some books or industry reports about the power trader industry? i'm open to both introductory and more professional articles. whatever it is , i am just starting connect to that industry, trying to learn more about that:) if you have any ideas and share it out, i will be really appreciate!
what’s the hardest commodity to model right now and why? curious to hear what people here think. across the board, i keep hearing about the same pain points: – aluminium premiums acting weird, – cocoa behaving like nothing makes sense anymore, – beef/livestock with totally broken fundamentals, – freight markets that swing wildly without warning, – fuels where crack spreads no longer tell the full story. every year there’s a “problem child” — the one commodity that refuses to follow normal logic. **which commodity do you find the hardest to model right now, and what’s making it so tricky?** structural changes? bad data? supplier games? macros? something else? real-world examples welcome.
supply chain professionals in commodity trading? tl;dr - what senior supply chain roles are offered at commodity trading houses? i have always been super interested in commodities and trading, but being a risk-averse realist i have never shot for the moon to aim for these prestigious trader jobs with glencore / trafig etc. i have a reasonable education (russell group bsc. & oxbridge msc. - both mathematics), and have spent the past four years post graduation at a boutique management consultancy specialising in supply chain - i'd like to explore utilising my supply chain experience as a possible route into this industry. my question is whether there are "high value" jobs within supply chain at these commodity houses? perhaps there is a team managing the freight / warehousing strategy? or do the traders themselves generally manage this on a trade-by-trade basis? obviously there will always be ops guys on the ground, but i'm after something a little more strategic. interested to hear everyone's experience!
new commercial analyst — how do i ramp up and add value fast? just joined a trading shop as a commercial analyst. my background’s in mbb consulting and ops/back office at smaller trading firms. i'm not gunning for a seat on the desk, and also in my mid 30s so ship may have sailed already. just trying to gather feedback on how to be most effective in my role. consulting drilled precision and measurable kpis into me, so the slower pace is new to me. i’ve taken on a few small projects and raised my hand when i can, but i don’t want to overstep or sit idle either. i'm also new (under 6 months). my focus will be helping with pnl and mtm reporting. we have a lot of manual processes that i can i can semi-automate in power query/power bi. i'm not good at python, but can learn. i’ve also been getting up to speed on the products i'll be covering through twitter, podcasts, and other sources since i covered different products in consulting mainly for the oil majors. for those who’ve made a similar transition, how do you build momentum early on, show value, and integrate well with trading teams without pushing too hard?
what do you wish you had done differently early on? i’m just looking for hindsight from people already working in physical markets: trading, ops, deal desk, risk, analytics. whether you are a couple of years in or much further along: 1. one thing you would have done earlier that paid off. one thing you would have skipped even if it looked good at the time. 2. a skill you under invested in that later proved critical. a skill you spent too much time on that didn’t matter. 3. what you notice rookies are missing most when they show up. 4. whether coding is on its way to being a requirement for front office seats or just an edge for those who can use it. 5. which seats, products, or workflows you would bet your career on for the next five years, and which you would avoid. please include your seat, market, region, and yoe if you’d like. example: crude trading, geneva, 10 yoe. bulk operator, singapore, 3 yoe. deal desk, houston, 4 yoe. tldr: if you were starting again, what would you double down on, what would you drop, and what blind spots should rookies kill early?
building a business in commodity trading the title of this post basically summarizes what i want to address. in this forum, most threads focus on the employee perspective of the commodities trading business, which is completely normal, as it reflects the experience of most of us. however, i’ve often thought about the opportunities available to entrepreneurs in this field. it’s a highly competitive market with tight margins and extremely high demand for capital and credit, which are difficult to obtain. we often talk about the elite firms in the commodity trading business, but the truth is that, despite their size, these companies don’t have full control over the market. that being said, i’d like to hear your thoughts on starting a commodity trading company in this sector. i understand this might be a difficult topic to comment on, as it applies to a very select group of individuals who’ve had the opportunity to pursue it. below are some questions i’m curious about, feel free to answer any of them or bring up other relevant points: **suggested questions:** * realistically, how feasible is to start a commodity trading firm? * is it profitable? when does it typically become profitable? * what are examples of companies that have recently entered the commodity trading market? what strategies have they used? * how can one overcome the capital/credit constraints in the beginning? * are there any commodity categories (energy, metals, agriculture) that offer more opportunities? * would it make more sense to target a niche/smaller commodity, or focus on the most traded ones, where margins may be lower but volumes are much higher?
how did you know you actually wanted to be a trader? i often see posts here asking how to break into trading — how to get a foot in the door — but i rarely see people talk about **how they decided they truly wanted to become traders** in the first place. to those already trading (physical or paper): at what point in your early career did you become convinced that you *wanted* to be a trader — not just enter the industry? how did you know you were ready to take on the pressure, the constant decision-making, and the responsibility that comes with real pnl and market risk? i imagine some students or early-career folks are drawn to the title or the potential comp — but trading isn’t just about the upside. it’s a high-stress, high-responsibility job where you’re often making decisions under uncertainty. so i’d love to hear: \-what made you confident (or curious) enough to pursue trading seriously? \-were there specific moments or experiences that clarified that it was (or wasn't)for you? \- what are the realities of the responsibilities that come with such a position?
breaking into agricultural commodities hey guys, gonna try and keep my post short. i’m interested in breaking into commodities as an analyst or scheduler, specifically in agriculture. listing my credentials below for background info: age 24, u.s. citizen education: - finance degree from a non-target 4-year university in the u.s. experience: - 2 years of experience in supply chain/marketing/logistics in food + pet food industries. bulk of experience in grocery wholesale, specifically a category management role. location preferences: new york city, seattle, chicago questions on a possible path to where i want to be: 1. am i too late to give commodities a shot? i hear a lot of associates in the industry come in straight out of undergrad after interning. 2. will any post-grad education make a break-in easier? i’ve been looking at a few financial engineering programs, anybody know if that’d be of any help? 3. is the career/money worth the stress? how much upward mobility is there both with and without job hopping? thanks!
can you make decent money trading gas and power? compared to other commodities, such as crude, metals etc. p.s.: i guess the answer is a firm 'yes'. as a uni student who is super inexperienced in the field, forgive my lack of knowledge.
trafigura and ex-coo convicted of bribery by swiss court trafigura and its former chief operating officer were convicted by a swiss court on bribery charges, the first time a senior executive at a major commodity trading house has been found guilty of corruption. link: [
starting a commodity related newsletter – what do you think? hi everyone! i want to start a commodity-focused newsletter to share insights, trends, and updates on the market. would this be something you’d find useful? i’d love to hear your thoughts! any specific commodity or market angles you’re most interested in? what topics would you like to see covered? let me know your opinions – your feedback will help shape this idea! tia!
oil trading remuneration in geneva/singapore - junior spot hi all, i’ve been approached my a small shop based in geneva and potentially in singapore (they want to open a shop there), to join as a junior trader. i have ops experience but the idea is that i would be trained up to trade oil for them. current plan is crude oil. we haven’t negotiated on renumeration yet, please can you advise on what would be a fair base + bonus? i have some junior trading experience already (hedging cargoes, tracking positions) wondering what would be fair to negotiated as a base and bonus expectations. i’m based in london currently so not sure what pay is like out there. can you please advise on what to expect as a junior trader and also in the long run as i grow into an actual trading role/seat. thank you so much!
in your job interview with an oil trading company, having read this article on "who's who in financial barrels " may impress your interviewer it's an article about a year old. i posted both links (intro and full). enjoy! here's the intro with download link: [ here's the article (no paywall) : [
advice needed: starting a commodity trading business hi everyone, i’m looking to get some honest and practical advice from the community about starting a commodity trading business on my own. here’s my situation: my background: -i’m based in brussels belgium -no prior experience in commodity trading. -i’m extremely motivated to break into the industry and willing to take calculated risks. -i’ve been self-educating through courses and researching markets extensively. -i speak english and french my challenges: 1. i don’t have an existing network of suppliers, buyers, or mentors. 2. financing deals is a concern—how do i manage cash flow and secure trust with suppliers and buyers? what i’m looking for: -strategies to start small: how can i break into the market with my budget and gradually scale up? -tips for building trust: how do i build credibility with suppliers and buyers without a proven track record? -pitfalls to avoid: what are some common mistakes new traders make, and how can i steer clear of them? i’m eager to hear from anyone with experience in commodity trading or small-scale entrepreneurship. if you’ve started in this field, how did you approach your first deals? any lessons learned would be incredibly helpful. thanks in advance for your time and insights
trafigura allegedly turned it's trading unit into a "cost center" due to weak risk management and compliance at highest level. (reposted from yahoo with no paywall) interested in working for a powerful, global reading company? they won't teach you this in computer science courses or mba programs. oh but you'll hear about it anyway sooner or later. in this tale of trading woe the analogy of "wolves guarding sheep" is used pertaining to compliance which is part of risk. many o you come to this area to seek info about trading, risk, compliance etc as a possible career. you can learn a lot from the trouble trafigura is in now. (former coo looking at 4 years in the slammer.) don't let that happen on your cv in the future. [
career paths: commodity trader abcd hi everyone, i recently graduated with a b.a. in economics and was hired as a commodity trader at one of the major grain trading firms (abcd). i’m curious to learn more about the potential career path in this field. could anyone share insights on what the typical progression looks like for this role? thank you!
what's the most dullest part of being a physical commodities trader? lots of people here want to get into the trading space. but i'd like to know what are the most dullest part of being a physical commodities trader?
is saudi arabia poised to trigger a global oil price war? is saudi arabia poised to trigger a global oil price war? after the financial times reported that saudi arabia had abandoned its $100 price target, iran's retaliatory missile strikes quickly brought the "war premium" back into the market. as a result, wti crude has rebounded 7.5% from last week's lows. but how long will this momentum last? according to easy newz’s energy expert, the real concern isn't saudi arabia backing off its $100 target. instead, it's the kingdom’s readiness to engage in a price war to reclaim market share, as other opec members continue to disregard production quotas. from easy newz: saudi arabia has been frustrated by other opec members, such as iraq and kazakhstan, who haven't stuck to their agreed production limits. even though opec's leader visited these countries in august and got promises to stick to the rules. the kingdom told the ft it could speed up production increases if these countries continue to overproduce. currently, saudi arabia's oil production is at 8.9 million barrels per day, the lowest since 2011. the wall street journal reported this morning: the saudi message was “there is no point in adding more barrels if there isn’t room for them in the market,” said a delegate who attended. “some better shut up and respect their commitments toward opec+.” the article also singles out iraq and kazakhstan, even as opec’s global market share fell from 51% to 48%. a complicating factor for the kingdom is its spending. the kingdom’s ambitious plans for neom do not come cheap. the surplus fell from over $150 billion to $20 in less than 2 years. oil prices could tumble to $50 if saudi arabia follows through on its threat. compliance will be put to the test. members will discuss a december increase at a meeting later today (october 2). the stakes for today’s meeting just got a bit higher. opinions are those of a 40-year veteran crude oil trader. not meant as trading or financial advice.
thoughts about intraday power trading what's the outlook on this career / desk, do people aim to move towards trading further along the curve, and how do starting salaries fare? and would this be a good place to start in commodities or is it too niche? thanks in advance, and appreciate any other advice as well!
power trading hi everyone i currently work in the market surveillance/regulation team of a supermajor in the uk we are really starting to build out the power desk so the knowledge in this space is becoming becoming the focus of everything being done, along with environmental products. i know the obvious basics on trading through resources like ice and epexspot and a bit about the market strucutre through acer and nationalgrideso but does anyone have any good in depth resoruces like books, good youtubers, websites, linkedin people to follow etc to build knowledge in uk and eu power and environmental products? any power traders out there - how did you learn what you needed to know other than just hands on experience (if there even is a replacement for that) thanks!!
commodities programming and modelling learning resources hi all, im a postgraduate stem student, with an interest in data science and modelling and im interesting in entering the commodities trading business as an intern (ideally). i am looking for online resources to learn how to apply programming skills (using python if possible) to get a few projects under my belt and learn more about the commodities markets (i.e oil, gas, power, carbon) and modelling techniques (perhaps forecasting or modelling supply, demand, storage etc). are there any such resources that are friendly enough to start learning how to make these models (albeit at an introductory level) so i can gain more knowledge and perhaps show this knowledge to interviewers etc? appreciate all the help
commodity merchants hey guys - new to the sub here so wanted to get your thoughts on a few things regarding commodity merchants and energy vs metals trading. 1. how do places like castleton, hartree, freepoint compare to each other in terms of comp, culture, talent, brand name etc? 2. recently, i’ve been reading a lot about energy being the top pnl generator for some of these shops. what about metals? do you think metals will get their time to shine? 3. how does power/gas trading compare to metals trading wrt skills, lifestyle, exit opps? do you foresee the influx of quant analytics into metals trading as it has been for power/gas? i really appreciate your feedback as most opportunities these days are in power/gas but my interests lie more on the macro side of thing (ie metals)
what are the essential books for commodity traders?
so let me get that straight: "the uranium spot buying vs spot selling in 2023” hi everyone, this is a very long and detailed overview of the situation in the very tiny uranium spotmarket. you will probably need to read it a couple times, sorry. but if you want to connect the dots of a market, you need to talk about a lot of factors. if interested, take your time in coming days to read this and to look for additional information on the points mentioned here. **this isn’t financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** **a. intro** before reading the long post about the uranium spotbuying vs uranium spotselling, first this: a) the real action for the uranium and nuclear sector is in the lt contracting cycle. the uranium spotmarket for utilities and enrichers is mainly for adjustments in u3o8 needs a latest chart from cameco showing the growing global uranium supply deficit: [ b) about those \~25mlbs/y of primary uranium production being sold through the spotmarket. this is based on the known uranium production of spotsellers (olympic dam, uranium one, african jv partners, itochu (navoi), ...) and confirmed by global supply and demand graphs talking about 2021 and before. also the total global uranium production in 2022 was \~135 million pounds. total global uranium production in 2023 could reach \~150 million pounds (previously 155 mlbs, but kazakhstan will produce 4 to 5 million pounds less in 2023 now) in 2023, if everything goes according to plan. that’s it! so the more uranium pounds sold in the spotmarket,the less can be sold to utilities through lt contracts and vice-versa. you can’t sign more lt supply contracts for delivery in 2022/2023 and sell more uranium through the spotmarket. the global market has to do it with 135/150 million pounds produced uranium in 2022/2023. ​ **c) comparison between what happened in october 2006 in the uranium sector and what is happening today:** just to put it into perspective: the impact of the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding (20mlb/year + 20mlb/year) is more than 2 times that big as the impact of the cigar lake uranium mine flood in 2006 (18mlb/year of production that were planned for 2010 back than were temporary lost due to the flood in 2006), and now we can add the unexpected loss of 4 to 5 million lb of production in 2023 to that. for information on that that, i refer to my post of 19 days ago: [ **d) a week ago japan announced an significant additional u-turn (in fact the biggest u-turn in the sector) in favour of nuclear energy**: link 1: [ link 2: [ why is this an important u-turn? before the tsunami that caused the fukushima accident in 2011 japan had 54 big reactors that represented 1/9 of all big reactors globally at that time. when the fukushima accident had happened japan shut all the reactors down starting in 2011 (the last reactor was shut down in 2013). than a lot of japanees uranium stockpile was sold into the market for many years (2011-2020) and caused the uranium price to drecrease to unsustainable low prices for future uranium production. as long as there was a lot of uranium stockpile selling into the market there was enough uranium supply at too low prices to incentives new uranium production. starting in 2018 the global annual production was significantly lower than global annual consumption which helped to consume a lot of the uranium stockpiles of japan and smaller sellers. than in 2021 and in the first 3 months of 2022 the "consumption" of those uranium stockpiles went much faster with many financial players and producers/developers also buying uranium out of the market which significantly decreased the uranium stockpiles of the past 10 years. in q12022 uxc (uranium consultant for all the utilities in the world) warned western utilities that based on the sector survey of end 2021 the operational uranium reserves (stockpiles) reached critical low levels!! and now you have japan going from an important uranium seller in 2011-2020 to major uranium buyer for many decades to come, just at the time that most of the uranium stockpiles of the past have disappeared. now new production is needed to satisfy future uranium consumption, but 55usd/lb is too low to make a profit for many needed uranium producers. based on the global production cost curve analysis vs the global annual uranium consumption, we know that eventually 80usd/lb (and if inflation remains high, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed) will be needed to get enough uranium production online a couple years after reaching a sustainable 80 usd/lb price **i'm a long term investor, but some investors are wondering what the situation is in the spotmarket, so:** **b. so let me get that straight** (an updated since i posted this on twitter 3 weeks ago): 1. kazatomprom announced that kazakhstan will produce 4 to 5 million lbs less in 2023 than previously anticipated, but the production level in kazakhstan of kap, ccj, orano are based on lt contracts => more uranium spotbuying needed! + 100% of uranium one production comes from jv’s in kazakhstan => lower production = less uranium spot selling from uranium one. **conclusion:probably an additional couple million pounds of uranium spotbuying coming from her + less uranium selling through the spotmarket** 2. **yellow cake buying 1.35 million lbs** from kazatomprom by using the 2022 option, while the purchase option for 2023 (100 million usd) still remains available for yellow cake to be executed => but kazatomprom production is based on lt contracts, not on optional purchases from yellow cake and kazatomprom will also produce less uranium in 2023 than previously expected, so 1.35 million pounds will most probably not come from produced uranium end2022/early 2023, but from elsewhere = more uranium spotbuying if kap wants to keep their 6 to 8 months operational reserve at that level. 3. **anu energy aims to raise 500 million usd** (100m in 2q2023 + 400m through ipo (ipo will probably be in 2024) **to buy physical uranium** with from kazatomprom. again, uranium that kazatomprom will have to get from elsewhere (= additional uranium spotbuying), because their production will be lower in 2023 and the planned production level of 2024 became less certain too. for instance 500m usd at 62.5 usd/lb is **8 million lbs of uranium** 4. the many u-turns (south korea, japan, sweden, uk, mexico, diablo canyon & other us reactors, belgium (based on 2 1000mw reactors, today they talk about extending operations of 5 reactors),...) in 2h2022 added an annual uranium demand of \~10 million lb (i went through the entire list of reactors concerned by those u-turns in 2h2022) that will partially start to impact the uranium market in 2023 => **the annual supply gap increased by \~10 million lb/year.** 5. western underfeeding gone since 1h2022, so no secondary supply from underfeeding anymore, while enrichers have engaged themself in secondary supply deliveries for the future => in theory western enrichers have 2 options: (1) buy their share of uranium to be able to honor their secondary supply commitment => increasing uranium demand. or (2) not honor the delivery of that secondary supply which decreases global uranium supply compared to the situation before 1h2022. **consequence: either way it results in an additional global supply gap (\~20mlb/y)** 6. **overfeeding could increase global uranium demand by \~20mlb/y too** 7. u3o8 supply today is based on lt contracts signed when the sector was in an underfeeding environment and where everyone in the uranium and nuclear sector thought that that environment of underfeeding would remain for years to come. but surprise surprise, an unexpected major shift from underfeeding to overfeeding happened. meaning that the additional uranium needs to be able to overfeed end2024/2025 and beyond with additionally produced uf6 in 2023 and beyond isn’t covered by the existing lt contracts today! => consequence: uf6 stockpiles within the fuel cycle will decrease significantly (followed by uf6 restocking) + all u3o8 delivered today through those existing lt contracts but used today (uf6 production today for overfeeding end2024/2025) for the overfeeding part of eup production will decrease the u3o8 available from those existing lt contracts for eup production outside the overfeeding part (see lower example \*) + significant increase of uranium spotbuying (because a pure uranium producer plans his future production level based on signed lt contracts and can’t increase production in 6 months time. most of the time it takes years to significantly increase production after signature of lt contracts) => consequence: a part of the additional uranium demand in 2023/2024 from the loss of underfeeding (\~20mlb/y) & from the start of overfeeding (also \~20mlb/y) will one way or another have to be supplied without lt contract covering that supply => **much more uranium spotbuying coming** and possibly purchases of uranium stockpiles of $dnn (2.5mlbs) $uec (total stockpile: \~3mlbs by in 2023, 5mlbs by end 2025) $urc $uuuu (<1mlbs) (but they will not sell a large part of their physical uranium at 60usd/lb. forget that. 80usd/lb uranium price, welcome) 8. **china has a huge uranium supply insecurity!!** china only has 7 very small mines domestically that together only produce \~5mlbs/y. they are building a strategic reserve on the border with kazakhstan (alashankou uranium bonded warehouse) with a storage capacity of 23,000 tu (= 60 million lbs). what do you think will happen with that storage if a conflict with taiwan starts? they will fill it as quickly as possible & keep it entirely for domestic consumption! they are already filling it with the first delivery + signing short term supply contracts (cnnc buying 26% of of 2023-2025 production of langer heinrich, ...) 9. **carry traders** with multi year supply contracts signed in 2020 for delivery in 2021-2024. how much of those contracts still exist? remember that in 2021 carry traders sold some uranium stockpiles to sput while uranium spotprice was higher than uranium long term price, pushing carry traders to replace that sold uranium with new uranium supply in the future. most of it will most probably be uranium supply through multi-year contracts with producers, but a small part could be through uranium spotbuying in 2023/2024. 10. many existing lt contracts with utilities have a contracted optional supply on top of the fixed lt supply. when overfeeding hits the utilities, all those utilities with a contracted optional supply will activate that option asking their suppliers (producers) to deliver more uranium than the fixed lt uranium supply. but did producers cover 100% of this optional demand with existing production? i doubt it, because producers have also been surprised by that sudden shift from underfeeding to overfeeding. **consequence: if this optional demand isn't 100% covered with existing production, those producers will have to find uranium from elsewhere (uranium spotbuying from producers) to be able to honor 100% of this optional demand.** 11. what will sprott physical uranium trust buy in the spotmarket during the remaining 11 months in 2023? (february 15,2023: they just increased their atm with an additional 1.3 billion usd capital raise capacity) (\*) example: lt contract 900,000lb/y signed in 2020 good for 12 months of consumption of 2 1000mw reactors before shift happened. if in 2023 they use a part of those 900,000lb for overfeeding, those 900,000lb will not be enough for 12 months of consumption anymore, but only for 10 months of consumption. so ok, let’s take **a conservative (imo) scenario about the 2023 impact on spotmarket:** 1. 4 to 5 million lb less produced in 2023 \~> 60% impacting uranium spotmarket = 2.5 million spotbuying + 0.5 million less spotselling from uranium one 2. yellow cake 1.35 million lb purchase comes integrally from uranium spotbuying 3. 100m anu energy \~2mlb comes integrally from uranium spotbuying in 2023, while the remaining 400m anu energy \~6mlb comes 33% (= \~2mlb) from spotbuying and 67% from kazatomprom production in 2024 4. u-turns in 2h2022 only partially impact the uranium market in 2023. let’s pretend this doesn’t impact the spotmarket but 100% the term market (lt contracts) 5. underfeeding gone = 20mlbs/y less supply or an additional 20mlbs to be bought by the western enricher \~> an idea: western enricher swaps existing secondary supply from underfeeding that doesn’t exist anymore with a new u3o8 delivery that the enricher bought so that the operational reserve of the utility/client remains at the “same level” => u3o8 partially bought in spotmarket, let’s pretend only 25% of 20mlb in 2023 is bought in the spotmarket = 5 million lbs 6. preparation for overfeeding: converdyn restart in 2023 = uf6 production increases in 2023 = u3o8 consumption increases in 2023, but without being covered by lt contracts => 30% covered by operational u3o8 reserves decrease (followed by u3o8 restocking) and 30% by spotbuying (= 6mlb in 2023). (for 2023 i keep the remaining 40% of those \~20mlb aside because the impact of overfeeding only starts in 2023, and will most probably increase towards 20mlbs/y after 2023). 7. note: all the potentially decreases of operational u3o8 reserves in 2023 will have to be filled with new u3o8 again in 2024. so in 2024 the impact of overfeeding will be much bigger 8. china is buying a lot of short term and longer term uranium supply. investors don’t notice it easily, but it’s happening (takeover of 68% of rossing mine in 2019 (before the takeover 25% of rossings production was sold through the spotmarket, today that part of the uranium production goes to china too), ccj, kazatomprom, orano, now paladin energy (26% of 2023-2025 production), next? global atomic, bigger share of production of langer heinrich (paladin energy) going to cnnc? eventually, if necessary (if they have to act fast) china will knock at the door of uranium one for instance and pay them “100usd/lb” for their production instead of uranium one selling through the spotmarket. ukraine, taiwan, anyone? 9. carry traders: let’s pretend this doesn’t impact the spotmarket but 100% the term market (lt contracts) 10. let’s pretend that 100% of optional demand is covered by existing production, meaning that no additional uranium demand will be bought by those producers, but those producers will have less uranium going into their operational reserves. all uranium spotbuying from producers due to overfeeding is part of the potential uranium spotbuying due to overfeeding under point 6 11. between january 13, 2023 and february 2, 2023 sprott physical uranium trust already bought 1,276,847 lb in 2023. between february 6, 2023 and february 15, 2022 sprott physical uranium trust bought an additional 700,000 lb, while still having 42 million usd cash ready to buy more total conservative spotbuying (or less spotselling) in 2023 with data today: 2.5m + 0.5m + 1.35m + 2m + 5m + 6m + (1.276m+0.7m) = already 19.326mlb compared to 25mlb of global total annual production being sold through the spotmarket before the shift. ok, so on february 15, 2023 we already found a buyer for \~75% of those 25mlb in 2023 (25mlb could be significantly less today) + a couple 100k lbs of 2022 production that waited at the sideline when sput wasn’t active. **now look back at all the potential additional uranium spotbuying i left aside while making that conservative scenario:** 1. kazakhstan production loss: 40% = 2mlbs 2. yca: option of 2023: 100million usd \~> 1.7mlbs at for instance 58.82usd/lb 3. anu energy: 4mlbs in 2024 4. a small part of the additional annual 10mlb/y demand impacts the uranium spotmarket (example 1mlb) 5. underfeeding gone: 15mlb 6. overfeeding end2024/2025 impacting u3o8 buying in 2023: no operational reserve decreases, so additional 30% (not going to use 100% because conversion only gradually increases and not starting on january 1, 2023) through spotbuying = 6mlb 7. the more operational u3o8 reserves decrease in 2023, the more u3o8 restocking in 2024 8. china orders to accelerate the uranium buying in 2023/2024, if tensions around taiwan start to increase, and if not enough uranium is available on time they will go to the spotmarket 9. carry traders being partially uncovered for their existing multi year supply contracts to utilities (example 1mlb) 10. not 100% of optional demand is covered by existing production, meaning producers will buy some additional uranium in the spotmarket (example 4mlb). all uranium spotbuying from producers due to overfeeding is part of the potential uranium spotbuying due to overfeeding under point 6 11. sprott physical uranium trust buying on average 500,000lb or a couple million lbs uranium in the spotmarket per month (example 1: 1.5mlb in february + (500,000lb x 10 months) = 6.5mlb / example 2: 2mlb in february + (1.5mlb x 10 months) = 17mlb) **total additional uranium spotbuying left aside in my conservative scenario: 2m + 1.7m + 1m + 15m + 6m + 1m + 6.5m to 17m = 33.2mlb to 43.7mlb** you only need a very small part (6 to 7mlb) of those 33.2mlb to 43.7mlb to also impact the uranium spotmarket and all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts (\~25mlbs/y + couple 100k lbs of 2022) would have been bought and taken out of the market! **a couple examples (\*):** **(\*) those examples were written 2 weeks ago. and 2 weeks later we see that the situation evolved like expressed in those examples regarding the spotbuying and spotbuying power from sput in february 2022)** i. if sput only buys an additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 (they still have 42 million usd cash today) and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option and the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying, but the loss of underfeeding causes a 11mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 5mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! ii. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but the overfeeding causes a 12mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 6mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! iii. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but china orders to accelerate the build out of their strategic operational uranium reserve in 2023 at their alashankou uranium bonded warehouse (example: buying the remaining 2.35 mlb langer heinrich production of 2023, preventing rossing to sell even a bit in the spotmarket in 2023 and buying 5mlb in spotmarket in 2023), than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! note that the alashankou uranium bonded warehouse storage capacity would increase from 3000tu in 2021 to 13000tu in 2023. 10,000 tu = 26 million lb of additional storage capacity in 2023. iv. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 400,000lbs/month on average in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but the 4 to 5mlb loss of uranium production in 2023 causes a 5mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 3mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! v. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 600,000lbs/month on average in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! vi. if you combine 20% of the 5 previous examples (making 5x 1.3mlbs additional uranium spotbuying all 5 together), than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! **well, ok than :-d see you significantly higher** **$u.un, $u.u and $sruuf** **sprott physical uranium trust (sput) (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange)** is an 100% investment in physica uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 17.65 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~52usd/lb, while transactions above 60usd/lb and even already at 70usd/lb are occurring today. here a link to a recent company update with 12 month price target for sprott physical uranium trust: [ ​ with a market going from risk off to more and more risk on again in coming months, i expect sprott physical uranium trust to buy significantly more pounds than 500,000lb/month in coming 10 months with the support of the flywheel effect from urnm etf and ura etf note: the fed raised rates from 2004 til mid 2006 as well: source: [ fyi. the uranium spotprice went parabolic from 2006 til mid 2007 **this isn’t financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** cheers
anyone here thinks that a commodity supercycle is coming post covid? feels like china's dominant position in across all subsets of commodities is here permantly. it'll be hard for a disjointed us to contest and the rest of the world to be able to do anything. going forward i'd expect more imports of commodities into china being one of the first to recover from covid.
gunvor interview graduate program hi all, has any of you moved to the next stage past the online assessment? i haven't got anything and i want to know if i'm still in the race
which physical signals usually move spreads before flat price does? something i keep noticing: spreads almost always react before flat price. but the signals that move them tend to be physical, micro, and often invisible in standard market data. recent examples across metals/energy/agri: * freight availability tightening before any change in crack spreads, * refinery run-rates shifting (or product mix changing) days before structure reacted, * conversion margins compressing ahead of backwardations, * export flows being re-routed well before regional premia widened. most models watch structure → but structure itself is often responding to these physical signals. the question is: which physical or logistical indicators do you track that reliably move spreads before flat price? freight? run-rates? loadings? conversion costs? interested in hearing real workflows from traders, analysts, and physical ops teams.
how do you consistently generate natural gas trade ideas? looking for guidance on building a proper system hey all, i work at a commodities research firm and i’m trying to level up how i generate natural gas trade ideas in a more systematic way. right now, i already have: - a norwegian supply model that accounts for maintenance (remit, gassco schedules, historical behaviour, etc.) - an ldz demand model - an eu + uk production/supply model i’m aware there are more components to look at, my team has access to and models those, but i want to understand the actual framework experienced traders/analysts use to convert all these moving parts into proper trade ideas. my question is: beyond individual models, what systems, dashboards, or processes should i have in place so i can consistently identify profitable natural gas trades (directional or spreads)? for example: - what fundamentals do you monitor daily vs weekly - how do you track and rank catalysts? - how do you structure a bias sheet? - what risk indicators matter the most (storage incentive, prompt/forward curve shape, outage cliffs, weather deltas, lng balances, cross-commodity spreads, etc.)? - how do you decide whether an insight actually becomes a trade idea vs just “interesting data”? any practical advice, examples of workflows, or tips on building this system would be massively appreciated. thanks!!
how do weather derivatives work?
good technical skills for a commercial analyst beyond excel i've heard power bi and python, but are there any other technical skills that could be useful and manageable to develop in 6 months? considering ai, are developer skills even useful if you can have chatgpt or claude write code for you?
is shell graduate supply & trading program worth it? my goal is outsized career path in commodities, either as a trading analyst or trader down the line. (i am an analytical person) is this program a good seat? it’s 3 years long with two rotations. is it a good launchpad to the trading houses or a trading seat at shell? currently i’m in a kushy tech job, but the risk is worth it to me if i can get down the commodity trading path. any advice would be appreciated on this program (it’s not tdp).
not a trader, but working with traders. how do you build credibility and make an impact? work at a gas and power trading shop reporting to exec leadership. my job is to streamline mark-to-market, p&l, and position reporting. basically help tell trading’s story and help traders manage risk, profitability, positions, and strategy better. main issue: deals don’t always make it into the system, and there’s a general lack of organization in trading that creates friction with other desks, especially when performance dips. strategy seems rudimentary. there could be some larger tie ins to which track w/ trends in power and gas markets i.e. growing lng demand, or off the grid data centers in rural parts of the country which need gas-fired gen to run. my boss wants me to build relationships with traders and drive process efficiency. i’ve worked in trading support and adjacent roles but never traded directly. how can i build credibility fast and add real value? right now i’m just being a sponge observing, learning the business, and spotting inefficiencies, but i want to go beyond that and actually help fix things. background: power and gas trading operations + strategy consulting. commodities i’ve touched include power, gas, crude, and products across retail, traditional trade shops, and o&g majors.
how do gas / power traders assess the winter weather this far out? when it comes to trading natural gas and power, it seems that winter weather can be a large driver of price volatility. i know it's very far out, but are there any indicators traders and meteorologists look at this time of year to get an idea of what winter can bring?
need career advice hi guys, so i recently participated in the cme trading challenge that is hosted monthly on their website and came in the top 10. while competing, i noticed that the person who was first was doing very well compared to everyone else and was winning by a big margin. out of curiosity i reached out to him over linkedin to learn more about his experience and how he learned his skills. we scheduled a call and he explained his experience and strategy along with learning about me. he introduced himself. he works at a small investment management and grain marketing company as a commodities broker. the company specializes in hedging for farmers with the help of agricultural futures. most of his trades in the cme challenge were agricultural commodities. at that time i was in the process of building a strategy which i recently completed and started testing on simulated markets after a successful backtest. i told him about my strategy concept and he was very supportive as well and told me that if i ever need any feedback or want to delve deeper in agricultural commodities he would be happy to help. i was also interested in his line of work as he talked about his day to day work and it seemed interesting. we continued keeping in touch and i finished my strategy. i didn’t share any results with him. i recently received an email with his boss with him ccd on it saying that he told him about me and the work i am doing and also mentioned that i am quite knowledgeable. he told me that he is planning to add a speculative/investing side in his company and he would like to consider me for the opportunity. he asked me if we could schedule a meeting and discuss more. he also mentioned that if possible he would like to see the strategy work in a simulated market and if it works use his account to test drive it. he also mentioned that he is willing to sign an nda and discuss how we can monetize it. now the dilemma is that i recently graduated and this is one of my first strategies ever and it is in very early stage. i don’t even trust it completely. ik that this is a great opportunity but also a big step and idk if i am ready for this. i also don’t want him to steal my strategy if it does become successful. he seems like a nice guy and the company is legit but i am just nervous ig. i would appreciate any guidance.
fresh grad “trader” with no guidance, brushed off when asking questions – should i stay or go? hi all, i’m a fresh grad currently working at a physical commodities trading firm, technically under the hedging team as a “futures trader.” but the reality is i’ve been left completely out of the loop. there was no proper onboarding, and i’ve been excluded from most ops and hedging strategy discussions. the company is very fragmented, with hq overseas, and i’ve had almost no contact with the people actually driving decisions. i requested to learn more about the broader operations from the overseas team to get context and understand how my role fits into the bigger picture—but my manager shut it down, saying it’s a different division and not my scope. i’ve been trying to network with traders at other firms just to understand how this industry actually works, but it’s been frustrating. i’m not sure if this kind of situation is typical for entry-level roles in trading, or if i should just cut my losses and look elsewhere. would really appreciate advice from anyone who’s been through this or is working in the space.
for natgas traders who started as pipeline schedulers... how long did you schedule pipelines before you made your way to being a trader? how did the opportunity present itself-did you get promoted at your company, or did you interview elsewhere to move up? what was your starting salary?
favorite/underrated bloomberg terminal functions just found out we have bloomberg terminal access at work. i’m looking to make the most of it—bloombergnef and bloomberg intelligence seem especially useful. beyond those, what are your favorite or most underrated terminal functions?
commodities exit strategy? less common post but curious peoples thoughts here. i have been a commodities analyst (oil specifically) for a hedge fund type place for 5-6 years after working in industry for ~5 years out of college. on paper, everything is great. i enjoy the work, i have an awesome office with good culture and am compensated very well i think but the “always on” nature of oil markets can be exhausting and i find it hard to “put work away” which has made me question if this is something i want to continue doing. basically work every weekend, some late nights, etc... i was curious this subreddits thoughts on potential exit strategies for a senior-ish analyst looking for something potentially more suited for work life balance. i am thinking of starting a family soon and want to be able to br present more so than i think i could be in my current job. just toying around at this point, but yeah
trafigura international trader interview hello everyone, i have received an invitation for the international trader interview at trafi. i am currently an ags trader with 3 yoe and i applied for this position on a whim. what sorts of topics are covered in these interviews? is it more focused on ags experience and general trading topics, or will i need to prepare a lot with respect to oil and energy? any advice would be appreciated.
book recommendations hello, i am working on developing my commodity & options trading background & was curious if anyone had any book recommendations? not just relating to that area but to any time of agriculture economics books or just good books in general. i do not need the basics of agriculture or anything like that as i grew up on a farm & am very familiar with that area. just looking for some literature to read regarding the economy around it or trading. etc. thanks!
tips on early careers in geneva hey y’all, i’m currently a senior economics student at ut austin, and recently pre-accepted to the university of geneva’s msc in commodity trading. naturally, i got pretty excited with this news since this is the sector i’ve always been keen on starting my career in. that being said, as many of you probably know, one of the pre-requisites to the program is to be actively working while pursuing the degree. i know that there are some resources the university provides when it comes to finding job opportunities within the sector (e.g.: suissenégoce network), but i still wanted to have something a little bit more tangible to work with in this sense. i feel like if i only rely on these services, i’ll have much lower chances of actually securing a position. to anyone who has been/is previously enrolled in the program, was able to secure a entry level job in this sector, or simply has good knowledge of how the geneva job market works: do y’all have any tips/orientation? i know someone who told me he’d be willing to bring me in to gain some experience at his company, but it would be (at least initially) unpaid, and i don’t know if the university would accept that. (p.s.: i have dual citizenship, one of them being portuguese, so at least the bureaucratic swiss/eu work permit aspect shouldn’t be a problem in my case.)
are commodities truly mean reverting? in academic literature there seems to be a tendency to incorporate ornstein-uhlenbeck processes but my intuition says outside of rare market shocks, generally there's no explicit tendency for the price to revert back to its long-term average. if there was, it would be priced in and that would be reflected albeit with some adjustment due to cost of carry. isn't it more sound to assume a price has the same odds of going up as it has going down at any point? **edit: i mean gasoline and crude specifically tbh. stuff like power obviously is mean-reverting over the short-term at least**
why aren’t more commodity chemicals traded in derivative markets? i’m surprised the us has a market for 6 month soybean futures, but very underdeveloped derivatives markets for major chemical commodities (e.g. ammonia, ethylene, butadiene, etc).
papers/reading on physical gas and lng can anyone recommend any interesting reads on the trading dynamics or mechanisms of, 1)gas storage trading 2)location spread /capacity 3)lng i.e. ttf-des spread etc thanks d
exciting update: image links now enabled on r/commodities!
crude oil spotlight august 26, 2024. **crude oil spotlight august 26, 2024.** the trend is cautiously bullish. resistance levels are for wti at $78.80 - $80.00 and brent $83 - $84 the critical supports are $72.50 for wti and $76.50 for brent **the stories traders are following:** libya's eastern government announced this morning that all oil fields and terminals are closing down. libya is producing close to 1.7 mill bpd. libya has two governments. the eastern government is not internationally recognized but controls most oil fields. bullish escalating tension in the middle east is another reason for the oil rally this morning. bullish ceasefire negotiations in gaza are tough, and hamas has rejected the offer and left cairo last night. bullish chinese oil demand continues to be soft, mainly because of weak demand for road fuel as evs and lng in trucks replace fossil fuel. lng in trucks is cutting diesel demand by about 150/200 bpd. refining margins are weak, and runs have been cut. bearish china is unlikely to bring out a bazooka to stimulate the economy. president xi is not very business-friendly. this limits growth. bearish russia may increase crude exports in september, but it remains a wild card. neutral oil stocks are drawing, and cash remains firm. bullish the us gasoline demand season is soon ending, and demand appears weaker than expected. bearish houthis hit a greek oil tanker in the red sea, and it's now on fire with 150k tons of crude onboard. bullish opec production policy is uncertain, as they may trim production cuts from october. the outlook is bearish if cuts are not continued. **here is what to watch going forward:** * iran’s proxy groups, houthis and hezbollah, could both escalate in the weeks ahead. israel is expanding operations in the region. reports indicate the us was tipped off. * the us oil rig count is unchanged from the week prior. * kamala’s campaign has provided little clarity on her team’s energy policy. new lng projects are being put on hold, and investors are reevaluating new projects. * the venezuelan opposition candidate machado calls for a day of protests on august 28. * traders will monitor the libya oil field closures. israel - hezbollah/iran escalation is a growing risk after this weekend's strikes in lebanon. opinions are those of a 40-year veteran crude oil trader. not meant as trading or financial advice.
real time power trader how hard is it to break into a real time power trader role at a top firm right out of college? do most people work up to it or is it attainable to do upon graduation? possible career exits after doing it for two-three years?
physical commodity trading - lifestyle, breaking in, compensation hey all, **background:** i am starting an mba @ columbia business school after \~7 years of infrastructure investment banking (tier 1 bulge bracket bank) where i worked on decently involved transactions within the energy space such as gas prepays. i realize i probably do not need an mba for this but only started exploring this sector a few weeks ago. i want to move into a more markets facing role in which the product is still tangible, the day-to-day moves quickly, and following geopolitics / macro-economics is paramount - physical commodity trading seems like a cool next step. not married to any one commodity but natural gas or some form of fuel is probably the easiest story to tell. i am nyc based and can't really take a position that is not in connecticut or ny (seems like a good number of jobs in this area anyway) **a few questions below:** 1) how does physical trading differ at a bb bank vs. traditional shop like glencore and trafigura? 2) gs, jpm, ms, any other banks do physical? 3) pros and cons of trading paper instead? 4) how do i best prep for summer internships? what sort of questions should i expect? 5) what does comp actually look like for firms like glencore vs. a bank? 6) what is the day-to-day and culture like? can you please provide % splits and how it changes as one gets more senior? 7) what sort of person would you advise to not do this? thanks all - i have read commodities demystified by trafigura and currently reading trading natural gas by fletcher sturm but it is still such a tough field to really get a sense for. if someone is willing to dm that would be great!
forecasting fundamentals post addressed specifically to fellow analysts or analysts turned traders who trade their specific commodities fundamentally. how do you guys approach the forecasting of flows? one approach i am exploring is starting from supply + imports - exports - demand = inventories, to then leave my imports as the variable to back out. been trying also to run some regressions using forward arbs but there’s still progress to be made. would like to discuss how you guys have approached the problem as well. happy to spar on ideas
the biggest agricultural commodity spike in years the 100% bull move in cocoa prices (prices have doubled) over the last year is nothing short of miraculous. a great percentage of this move has occurred just in the last 2 weeks. growing new weather problems from dry, dusty harmattan winds, combined with previous fertilizer and wet weather problems have created a historic "squeeze situation. how high will prices go? that is what we do in our weatherwealth newsletter. [this is some free information]( i posted more than a week ago, before the subsequent major 12% rally in cocoa prices. jim roemer www.bestweatherinc.com
best physical commodity trading books to read?
have you guys read the world for sale? if yes what was your learning? i recently finished reading the world for sale book and was amazed to learn how commodity trading industry works. would love to know what you guy's learnt from the book..
corn bull thesis a lot of my reasoning for a **bull corn** thesis comes from the positioning i'm seeing backed with a positive sentiment on the fundamentals. that being said please do your own research. now from a pure technical standpoint i would say corn appears to be overbought because well.. it kind of is... today marks a 7 year high for corn. understandably this probably would shy away a lot of fresh buying, unless its wsb who enjoy buying high and selling low. anyway.. not much to mention on the technical as we are past any significant resistance until ath, but i will say when corn sees large gains it does so month after month and february would mark a straight 7 months in a row of gains. ​ * dollar and corn= inverse related. expectation is continued devaluation of dollar. strong for corn. * futures positioning 101: increased underlying price + increased open interest= bull signal. today **dec oi is 313k**. over the past 14 years oi on the dec month has been a historic average of 252k lots with it breaking 300k only 3 times prior to this year. those 3 years (2007,2008, 2011) were all trending years for corn. if those 3 years are taken out the average is dropped to 217k. we are currently 50% higher today.. i have reason to believe these are market makers parking shorts forwards mixed with physical producers doing the same to hedge. spread for mar-dec is new high of 108 back. future contracts oi for 2021 total 1.87 million vs average of 1.37 million for the same 14 years. * 18 of the past 20 years corn reached its highest price between may-aug * option positioning. yesterday i took note of a 30,000 call options bought for mar between 560-600; mainly plays for the wasde report which is due today. saw swapping of 540-580's mar option contracts for may 600's+. good call buying for may-jul due to capture of q1 end. * fundamentally what we are seeing is a simple demand vs supply tightness. * china * china is at a record buying spree for corn with expectation it has a couple more quarters to go in order to meet consumption. * hog herds are recovering faster than expected from a deadly diseases * expected to import 20 million metric tons of corn to meet and feed demand and stockpiles. this number is more than double the annual import quota set by wto * corn hording amid concern prices will increase * united states * expected to cut china corn stocks and raise imports. * will have more insight on todays wasde report i expectation is bull for corn. * south america * argentina drought at time of growing demand. have limited exports. price target 850 **tl;dr:** corn prices to remain elevated due to large demand for animal feed in china paired with supply tightness globally due to own consumption worries and worse than expected crop rotations. position tell me this has to july to continue its bull trend. [
long uranium - the 2020s will be a boon for nuclear i've been a uranium bull for some time now. i started getting into it before the squeeze of 2020, but didn't start putting my money in till after (lol, woe is me). it seems both times there were major nuclear meltdowns, uranium and the nuclear power industry experienced drawn-out periods of no interest and brow-beaten by environmental and government agencies alike, worldwide. however, as the last major incident, fukushima, nears its 10-year anniversary, the anti-nuclear sentiment of the public has dried up; with the zero-emissions, low-cost energy that nuclear provides, we are seeing zoomers and politicians (dumbest people alive) hopping on the nuclear bandwagon where the smart money has had its bags for years. many great investors, two of my very favorites, rick rule and jim rogers, have both been bullish for a long time (rogers making money on the buyside in the early 90s when uranium was the scariest asset for even people dumb enough to be long commodities, at the time). what's gotten me hella interested in the industry as of late is the constant good news that no one except uranium bulls are taking notice to (much like gold in 2019. anyone who was early made hella money all the way up to when the news started pumping out how every bank on both sides of the mississippi were long-gold). we see the biden administration giving a wink and nod about their friendliness towards nuclear energy by electing hanson, a moderate that leans towards uranium-friendliness, to the nuclear regulatory commission. in addition, we see the nrc discussing extending the licenses of over a dozen nuclear power plants from 60-year to 80 or even 100-year contracts, and helping develop longterm infrastructure (more subsidies for these plants). we see even australia providing subsidies to junior uranium miners. we see the us and china wanting to experiment with smaller nuclear reactors. and the only bad news i've found is republicans trying to strip subsidies to the nuclear industry (when literally no one is on their side. alterior motives i sense? good luck, boomers) ​ i think i've made my point. the world is quietly moving towards nuclear, to try it out once again, and the boon for major uranium miners will be magnificent. ​ small note: i recommend looking into heavy sand ore and fertilizer mining companies as thorium could pick up attention along with how phosphate and uranium mining go hand-in-hand. you won't find much info about this but you heard it from me because i stay up autistically finding shit like this. ​ articles backing my claims: [nuclear has another friend in biden, but changes at the nrc could mean more scrutiny ahead]( [uranium turnaround has companies targeting sa deposits]( [uranium price]( [nuclear-powered space rockets]( [neo senators introduce bill to remove nuclear power plant subsidies from hb6]( [nrc to discuss 100-year licenses for nuclear plants]( [nuclear power will replace oil by 2030]( edit: outdated but still interesting. my bad. [uranium miner cameco gets boost from sunnier outlook for nuclear plants]( [nuscale small modular nuclear reactor moves another step forward]( ​ current positions:77 ccj @ 11.50 avg per share 200 bqssf @ 0.11 avg per share ​ possible future positions:i am looking to buy ura to get exposure to kazatomprom and other uranium miners. ​ mind you this isn't a large part of my portfolio. this will probably change, and become a much larger part, as i see more mediumterm growth in uranium. a black swan event could throw this whole situation into a ruckus, but that's the same for 99% of everything else. i am generally bearish of the entire stock market for the next year. ​ edit: didn't realize the [nuclear power will replace oil by 2030]( is heavily outdated. thanks for pointing that out. i am a retard, but my point still stands and my claims are backed heavily by much good news.
i'm going on the wheat quality council hrw crop tour on monday and, if y'all want me to, i'll keep you guys updated on what we're seeing. friday's cot report showed a record managed money net short position in chicago wheat, with additional shorts in kc wheat. moreover, with a 460k contract short managed money position across g&o we've got a massively short spec position going into production season. last week, parts of central and northern kansas likely experienced some damage freeze damage, and, in the near term, some additional damage may be experienced with snow in eastern colorado and western kansas, and cold temperatures in the surrounding area. a significant portion of the crop in these areas is headed and thus is quite susceptible to damage. moreover, there's already a lot of talk of abandonment in these areas, and talk that there's been some issues with rust damage. lastly, there's also a large short position in corn, and talk now that we *might* be getting to the point where planting could be delayed. all this adds up to a *potentially* bullish story, as wheat is only slightly off lows established last week. this coming crop tour should lend a lot of insight into the hrw crop and will likely get a lot of attention from the market. i'm going to be very busy on this tour, but, if there's some interest from you guys on r/commodities i will do my best to share what we're seeing. also, any wheat experts / agronomists, any tips? things to look for? update 1: 4/30/2017 11am cst: the situation has worsened for the hrw crop with the bulk of snow accumulation shifting east, and in greater quantities, with anywhere from 3-12 inches accumulating in western kansas. the primary risk with wheat taller at this stage in development is that snow could break stems or even paste the wheat to the ground! microclimate is a field-specific phenomena with a lot factors deciding whether we see damage; soil moisture, wind speeds, soil temperature, field altitude, snow accumulation, crop development. thus this crop tour will lend a lot of insight into the extent of any damage. look for kc to open up tonight!
new moderation hey everyone, i am taking over the moderation of and wanted to introduce myself and talk about the direction of the subreddit. this subreddit was riddled with personal blogs and spam links. i've gone through and removed enough so that you can't see them crowding up the front page. i've also put up a rudimentary wiki page. commodity markets are a lot of fun to follow, and fast paced too. i am thinking about setting up a weekly or monthly discussion thread to talk about what is going on in the industry these days. i also want to compile literature, information, links, books, etc. with lots and lots of information about commodities. the goal is to make it so that this subreddit can serve as a place for people to learn about the industry. eventually, i would like to have semi-regular ama's so that we can get a wide range of different viewpoints. if you have any suggestions, let me know!
compensation: energy vs. metals vs. agri all else equal (employee experience, firm level, relative trader performance, year, etc.), what is the proportional relationship between pay across the three product categories? would a top-performing trader in one category earn differently from one in another? if so, is there a general trend, and what factors drive it?
la nina forecasted for winter. let's put on a la nina trade to see if it works out. i posted this on r/weathermage also, where i use my system to teach people about trading weather derivatives. the weather market is picking up again so i thought i'd post it here too. the forecasting services are predicting a la nina for this winter, and generally they all look similar to this: so let's put on a long chicago / short atlanta hdd trade for novmar on the system and see how it performs through the season. note i'm long 5 contracts in chicago, and short 5 in atlanta. they are hdd based, so the bet is that chicago will be relatively colder than atlanta for the winter season, which is what the forecasters are saying. i'll stay away from trading these two cities throughout the season so that we can track it. that's ok though, since we have a lot more cities and opportunities that we'll explore as the season progresses.
do some power and natural gas traders get weather models before they are released? i've been reading a few natural gas x accounts and i see that people often talk about how rallies happen before the release of weather reports. i don't understand how this is possible. is there any sort of data that's released before the big models like the american and european are released? how does the market seem to know what weather reports will say?
unwinding hedges suppose i have bought a physical cargo (500kb) of west african crude priced at dec brent - $2, and its pricing window is 2-1-2 (bl 5th nov). i hedge this position by buying dec brent futures because i want to protect myself from dec brent futures rising too much... how will i as a trader unwind my hedges? i imagine that i will sell 100k futures at the end of each trading day from 3rd to 7th nov. is that correct? this is because the pricing of the cargo is based on the settlement price at the end of each trading day in the pricing window. but what actually happens in real life? does the trader just sell 100k futures exactly at 4.30 pm new york time at the end of each trading day?
hedge fund analyst vs graduate program i would like to ask in terms of career progression and opportunities if it would be better to start as a commodity analyst under a pm at a relatively large hedge fund, or at a graduate program at an oil major? given that i have a choice and the commodity at the hedge fund role is one i am very interested in, which role would be more conducive if i intend to advance to a trading role in the future? i have heard many people say that it is not ideal to start a career at a hedge fund as you might not get as much learning as compared to a graduate program where they will train you up, i would like to ask what the prevailing opinions are.
operator vs trader role? within a physical commodity trading role, how do operators and traders differ? what skills do are required for the roles? what can you do as a university student to work towards either of the roles?
first role in commodities trading - what to know? i’m starting as an analyst at a commodities trading firm this summer and would love to hear any advice from those in the industry. for those who have been in similar roles, what do you wish you knew when you were starting out? any key skills, habits, or market insights that helped you succeed in this space? any general advice on excelling in a commodities trading environment? appreciate any insights—thanks in advance!
best crude oil shops for junior talent have been hustling for quite a while and really like the idea of being in crude (particularly the international component and it being relationship driven). what are some good crude oil shops to reach out to outside of the majors / trade houses? i have personally reached out to oxy, et, petrochina, delek, aramco, eni, enterprise, plains, marathon, among others (but no major successes in getting an in). i want to see if i potentially missed any.
what kind of views do people take when trading calendar spreads? for ex: take nat gas, what kind of views are people taking based on what kind of data when trading long december, short april contract. from my assumption, its mostly about steepening or flattening of the futures curve. what other kind of views can you take cuz spreads are cheaper.
i made a subreddit specifically for commodity news hello everyone! so i noticed that on reddit, there's not really a good subreddit specifically for posting links to commodity news. this subreddit is maybe the closest outside of the typical politics and economy subreddits, but this is more of a discussion subreddit in particular. so, i made r/commoditynews and i would be happy if y'all wanted to join and post any news articles that have caught your eye. also if you'd be willing to give suggestions for how i could make the subreddit better and what you'd like to see. to the moderators here, i hope this post is okay. and if you would like, i could put r/commodities as a sister subreddit in our sidebar.
for anyone working in physical trading, what's your pet peeve that makes you want to bang your desk in anger? i used to work on a trading floor and in those days the sights of traders shouting and slamming their phones on their desks were quite frequent. how about for those working in ops and supporting departments. do you ever have those moments and what triggered the response?
exxonmobil trader development program 1st round interview, what to expect? got invited to a 1st round interview on zoom for the tdp. the job description mentions that it will be "including a technical competency assesment" but i'm really not sure what that means. i've read trafigura's commodities demystified and will be prepping commerical awareness, market trends etc as much as i can but this is my first of these interviews and i'm not sure what level of knowledge they will assume. any advice on areas to prep for/what to expect would be much appreciated! thanks in advance
why are so many power trading firms in denmark? i see so many power trading firms there. but why denmark? and why especially aarhus?
glencore commercial graduate interview i recently got invited for a 90 minute first round interview for glencore's commercial graduate program. i was curious if anyone had any advice for this interview as there isn't much online regarding their process. while i have interviewed and interned at quant shops, this is the first commodities trading house i've interviewed with so any help is appreciated. regarding my background, i recently graduated from a us university where i studied math and cs and am currently pursuing my masters (spring grad date). i've interned as a quant researcher and swe in the trading space. the role is for ny and energy.
shell's trader development programme is open again: the trader development programme is a unique opportunity for high calibre candidates to go through a 2-4 year structured program to become a trader. no prior experience in trading is necessary, candidates would need to have demonstrable work experience in a relevant role. the programme will be tailored based on prior experience and can be accelerated for those with some relevant skillset. typically, rotations will include trading operation, risk analysis and market analysis. towards the end of the programme it will cover paper and physical trading under supervision. progress will be assessed and monitored through regular assessment by trading management. support will be provided through on the job training and mentoring by senior trading staff as well as regular training courses. the accountabilities will depend on the particular rotation, some examples below: * scheduling ship operations, communicating and aligning with various internal and external stakeholders such as inspectors, shipowners, trading counterparties * gain in depth understanding of various risk in trading, including market risk, counterparty and operation risk and how to best manage and mitigate those risks * gain in depth understanding of commodity markets, learn tools and techniques how to study each market and how to translate analysis views into trading positions * closely work with shell assets to maximize value along the whole value chain * work closely with other parts of the global team on arbitrage opportunities * learn how to execute both physical and paper trades under supervision of senior traders * learn how to create trading strategies and how to build trading structures we currently have 3 open positions for this role, one for each business – lng, crude and products. **what we need from you** the candidate must have legal authorization to work in the us on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. while trading experience is not a requirement to join us, a bachelor’s degree or higher level of education is required with 3 or more years of experience in market risk, commercial operations, quantitative/analytics, or other relevant roles within a financial services organisation. besides this, we would also like to hear from candidates with the following skills: **commercial acumen** - you’ll need to cultivate an incisive understanding of global energy markets work – that means you should be entrepreneurial, self-motivated, and commercially acute. with a keen interest in how business works, you’re passionate about working in trading and excited by the prospect of unearthing opportunities to create monetary value. **analytical** - you’re numerate and highly analytical. you’ve shown you can digest wide amounts of information from different sources, pinpoint the relevant details from a huge range of data, and synthesize it to form critical insights and trading strategies. **adaptable** - the market changes by the minute so you need to be comfortable thinking on your feet and making quick decisions, even if you don’t have all the facts at your command. speed of thought is vital; you’re someone who can move easily between a micro and macro view. **collaborative** - this is a highly open, collaborative environment where we achieve results through teamwork. you’ll be talking to colleagues and contacts all over the world, so you’ll need to be able to change your social style to suit your audience. we value people who’ve proven they can persuade and influence. **responsible** - in trading, the risks you take must be calculated and the decisions you make considered. you’ll be accountable: someone who takes responsibility for their decisions and can adhere to both the letter and the spirit of all relevant legislation. you’ll always work with shell’s values of honesty, integrity, and respect for others firmly in mind. the base salary range for this position is $101,000 - $151,000 per year. individual pay will be based on various factors such as relevant work experience, education, certifications, skill level, seniority, and internal equity. for regular full-time or regular part-time employees of the company (participating companies as listed in the summary plan description), insurance coverage options include medical, dental, vision coverage, life insurance, business travel accident insurance, and occupational accidental death benefit programs. employees also participate in a company pension plan and a 401(k) plan. paid leave includes up to 6 weeks of paid vacation time, up to 11 paid holidays, and parental leave offering 16 weeks of paid leave to birthing mothers, and 8 weeks of paid leave for non-birthing parents. additionally, employees are eligible for disability leave for up to 52 weeks at 100% or 50% of base pay. shell also offers other compensation such financial reimbursement for adoption, wellness, education, and personal learning expenses, and some roles are eligible for discretionary long-term incentives. for interns, eligible benefits include medical, dental, and vision coverage, life insurance, business travel accident insurance, and occupational accidental death benefit programs; participation in a 401(k) plan; and paid leave for up to 11 paid holidays. additional information on shell’s us benefit programs can be found at [ if you don't see yourself fully reflected in every job requirement listed on the posting above, we still encourage you to reach out and apply. research has shown that not everyone often applies when they do not feel 100% qualified. we are committed to creating a more equitable, inclusive, and diverse company and we strongly encourage applicants of all genders, ages, ethnicities, cultures, abilities, sexual orientation, and life experiences to apply. we look forward to receiving your application.
power market, power trading courses! hey, i just began as a starter in the field of electricity trading. does anyone know a good course (or just books) where i could learn about the power markets and trading in the power markets? greatly appreciated!
what value does trafigura, vitol, and other private traders bring to the market? sorry for asking such a novice sounding question but i'm trying to understand what value a private trader of physicals brings to the market? companies like trafigura and vitol are doing billions of dollars worth of business. don't the big exchanges like the cme already bring buyers and sellers together? i guess i'm asking why a buyer or seller of say crude oil would use a private trader instead of an exchange? or are they just like wall street investment bankers who use capital to make bets on the price direction of a commodity on the exchange?
energy trade msc bayes hi guys, has anyone here done the energy trade finance msc at bayes? is it worth doing? does it increase chances of being hired in commodity trading? thanks
creating a list of commodity trading grad programs in europe for future reference, any additional suggestion? this could be useful for soon-to-be graduates in europe. the ones i found so far are offered by bp, shell, trafigura, totalenergies, centrica, gunvor, cargill, glencore, exxonmobil, equinor, edf trading, castleton commodities, rwe, louis dreyfus, cofco, stx, mft energy, eon, adm, viterra, engelhart, convex energy, sefe, northpool, onyx, eneco and incommodities. any other ideas?
python and commodity market analytics hello everyone, as a crude oil analyst on a shipping company's trading floor, i've been hearing a lot about the benefits of using python for developing better analytics. i'm interested in starting to use python myself, but i'm not sure where to begin or how it could specifically benefit my work. could you please provide examples of how python has been applied in similar roles and the positive outcomes that resulted from it? ​ thank you so much!
reminder - london metal exchange is a shady organization the london metal exchange (lme) was forced to halt nickel trading and cancel trades after prices doubled on tuesday to more than $100,000 per tonne in a surge sources blamed on short covering by one of the world's top producers. the lme's shock move came as western sanctions threatened supply from major producer russia and marked the biggest crisis to hit the 145-year-old exchange in decades. in the 1990s a rogue sumitomo trader tried to corner the copper market and tin trading was stopped for five years in the 1980s. "the current events are unprecedented," the lme said in a notice to members. "the suspension of the nickel market has created a number of issues for market participants which need to be addressed." amid market panic sparked by russia's invasion of ukraine, buyers are scrambling for the metal crucial for making stainless steel and electric vehicle batteries. traders said some position holders have also been struggling to pay margin calls.
what will be the future of energy traders? according to you what will be the future of energy traders? oil & gas usage will be replaced by electricity produced by renewables. knowing that with renewables the price of energy will go down and decentralized electricity production will mean that clients can produce themselves a part of the energy they need.
is gold a good investment in 2022? *video link:* [* gold is the most popular precious metal with investors and the usual inflation hedge investment. looking at inflation and inflation expectations, it makes sense to consider gold as an investment right now. that's why we should talk about what drives the price of gold and should we actually get some gold? bloomberg, cnbc, every single financial news platform loves to talk and speculate about gold prices. however, to do that you first need to learn what actually drives the price of gold. # supply and demand first of all, like any other commodity, good or service, we have supply and demand. looking back at 2021, we can see a few things. gold demand is strong, hitting 4,021 tonnes with demand for jewellery increasing dramatically plus demand for gold bars and coins reaching the highest level in 8 years. central banks also increased their gold reserves by 463 tonnes, reaching a total global gold reserve of 35,600 tonnes, which is the highest since 1992, basically 30 years ago! industrial use for gold went slightly up to 330 tonnes, which was just 8.2% of the total gold demand in 2021. on the other hand, the total gold supply fell to 4,666 tonnes in 2021 by around 1% as compared to 2020. even though gold production from mines went up by 2%, recycled gold actually fell by 11% which resulted in the overall drop. still, we can see that there is definitely more than enough supply to meet demand and, from the looks of it, there is no pressure on gold prices from a supply and demand point. # inflation the second important factor is inflation. this is really why everyone has been talking about gold. an oversimplification is the fact that gold is an inflation hedge and tends to go up when inflation is high, but obviously there is more to it. still, the inflation right now is pushing more and more investors towards gold. in february, us inflation hit 7.9%, uk inflation hit 6.2% with expectations of it hitting 8% by june, while the eurozone inflation rates hit 5.8% and canada's hit 5.7%. still, every single central bank expects higher inflation figures later in the year, hitting up to 8 or even 9%. given that inflation has so far exceeded expectations, we may even see double-digits! this is one of the main reasons why investors are flocking to gold and why gold has been going up recently. this also leads me to the next factor that influences gold prices and that is the strength of the us dollar as gold is mainly denominated in dollars. # strength of the us dollar obviously, inflation erodes the strength of the dollar. that's what inflation is. to prevent this, the federal reserve which is essentially the american central bank, they raise interest rates. in the middle of march, the federal reserve raised rates by 0.25% and said that they will keep raising the rates every month by 0.25% until we see 1.9% or so by the end of the year. if we see inflation spiking even higher, they may even raise the interest rates by 0.5% every time or to a total of about 2.9 or 3%. when interest rates go up, the value of the underlying currency becomes stronger because you can no longer get cheap loans, you can no longer print money for free essentially, and you also get a better reward when you actually hold on to the currency. typically, when rates go up, the price of gold goes down so the interest rates could push the price of gold down over the course of 2022. however, the main question here is will the federal reserve actually raise interest rates that high and, if they do, will that actually contain inflation? there's a lot of opinions on both sides so it is very hard to tell, but we will know for certain by the end of the year. i personally think that those interest rate hikes are too small to do anything and the reason why is that the federal reserve is trying to do a soft landing. basically, they don't want to raise interest rates too high too fast and cause the markets to crash so they are being cautious about it. this is nice on paper, but they should have really started doing this months ago. it's a bit too late now really, they need to act big and they need to act now or at least that's how i see it. it can easy to speculate so i guess we will just see what happens in a few months. # gold as a safe haven finally, we have market volatility, economic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. even though these are three separate things, they have the same effect. investors get worried about their assets and they want to protect them. the fact that gold is physical and has been used as a store of value since the dawn of human civilization makes gold a perfect safehaven investment. we saw gold jump when the war in ukraine started. why? investors got worried about the ripple effect that the war will have around the world. then, if we take into consideration inflation, negative effects of interest rates on markets and the economic stability of the us, supply chain concerns and so on, we can see why there is a bullish case for gold right now. # gold price predictions for 2022 but, exactly how high is the bullish case for gold? how high can gold prices go this year? goldman sachs sees it hitting $2,500 which is much higher than gold's all-time high price of $2,063 which it hit in august of 2020. they are not the only one to see such high gold prices though and other banks and precious metal traders are also **expecting gold prices of up to $2,500 with the average price for 2022 being around $2,000**. typically, we should be skeptical when we see such optimistic price targets, but i personally think this actually makes sense. i don't think we will see gold hold $2,500 for a long time, but there is a very real chance of gold hitting that price target after seeing everything that is currently going on in the world and what expectations are. the current estimated market cap for gold is about $12.4 trillion dollars on a gold price of $1,950 which means that the total market cap of gold will jump to $15.9 trillion dollars if we see the target price of $2,500. obviously, that's a lot of money that needs to flow into gold and that will be almost entirely driven by investor demand, but, again, i think there's a real good chance we will see that. in fact, i haven't seen a single negative or bearish analysis of gold right now. at worst, analysts expect that the price will stay roughly the same. seeing how well gold has held its value over the last 2 years, that does not come as a surprise to me. the current support levels for gold are $1,900, followed by $1,830, then $1,730 and finally $1,680. on the other side, the main resistance levels are $2,000, then the all-time high price of $2,060 and after that, the sky is the limit! $2,500 is optimistic, but definitely achievable although i really doubt we will see prices higher than that given the sheer amount of money that will have to flow into gold to achieve that. so, what do you think? are you bullish, bearish or neutral on gold? *p.s. i've made this whole post into a video which you can check out below. if you found this useful, please leave a like on the video, it really makes a huge difference as i spend a long time researching and putting everything together. i completely understand it if you don't want to do it though! video link:* [*
podcasts in commodities does anyone know of any good podcasts that explain commodities trading?
dr copper and the inflation trade, is the price too stretched? i would like to explain the copper opportunity as follows: ​ 1. supply 2. demand 3. price 4. politics supply chile and peru are the world-leading copper production countries in the world. the biggest copper mine in the world is owned by bhp and operated in chile. one common recurring theme in my columns is how i stress the fact that non-renewable resources in general, keep decreasing in grade over the last 100 years. what do i mean by that? at the turn of the 19th century, copper was found in surface rocks with a concentration of 20%. by early 1900, that concentration was now around 10%. the best concentration in the world now is at 4%-5% and the major project being worked on are below 1% concentration. ok max, thanks for the history lesson but why should i care? great questions i might add. the concentration of any resource has an inverse relationship to its cost of production. the higher the concentration, the lower the cost of production is for that same resource everything else being equal. by now, i made you realize that with decreasing grades, something else must be true and that is that the future cost of production of copper will increase given the decreasing grade. one aspect of this truth is however is that we must not see the inevitability of increasing cost of production with the sudden increase in the copper price. one mining veteran, doug casey, repeatedly says in interviews that if you stumble on a resource where the price is lower or equal to the cost of production, while you might have to wait for the price to rise, you have found a great investment niche. if most of the copper miners will have a production cost of +4$/lbs for new mines, it must be that the price of copper will need to increase to that level if we ever want to get it out of the ground. i caution readers here. the mining industry will give you projections of copper production price in the 2.50$ to 3$ range these days for new mines. the caveat to these cash costs as they are often referred to is that it does not include start-up capex and does not include general and administrative costs of running a company. finally, these new mines usually come with a start-up capital needed north of 500 million to sometimes 1.5 billion just to get the mine in operation. you better believe that if a rio tinto or bhp starts a new copper mine and needs to invest this vast amount of money, they will only do it with the certainty to provide a nice return on capital employed (roce)to their shareholders. ​ ### demand i took out a self-serving slide from freeport macmoran corporate presentation, the largest mining company on the sp500 index last time i checked, to help visualize the increased demand for copper in the future. i do like to linger too much on the demand side of the equation because that becomes the “if” in the investment thesis. we would fare much better with our investment returns, in my opinion, if we would consider the more reliable supply picture and look at the potential increase in demand as a nice perk. copper is on everybody’s radar for obvious reasons. it is the basic material that will enable the global effort to electrify the grid, help us take out the internal combustion engine off the road by increasing the amount of electric/hybrid vehicles, and finally is needed in basic home construction. with the population growing to 9-10 billion in a not-so-distant future, the green push from the biden administration leading the way for others in the world in general to advance the green agenda, the increase in demand looks like a safe assumption. ### price our friends at morgan stanley have been gracious enough to provide a supply/demand/price outlook for copper. with supply shortage until 2022 and a real supply deficit as of 2025, the tailwind that we have seen in the last 12 months looks poised to continue in strength for another 12 months. i interviewed a couple of copper mining ceos in the past months and the recurring theme for them is the need to have copper above 4$ to entice new mine supply. now, let’s take a bear case to our proposition for a second. let’s imagine that this rally in price is extended and too much of a no-brainer at this point. i can already imagine patrick ceresna and kevin muir from the podcast market huddle discussing next week, just how much higher can the price of copper get?? fine, let’s imagine we come back to a normalized price of 3.5$ or even 3$. this would most probably slow down the current investment in new drills and mining development that is currently happening. banks would get frisky and projects would stall. fine, no really, equities will retreat and everyone will get bummed down for 12-24 months. and then what.. it’s the elastic effect, come the end of 2024 when there are no new mines available to produce new copper cathodes. what then? would we turn off the lights? would we stop building new houses? waiting longer will only increase the price further to the upside. i think i already wrote here 100 times how impossible it is for the mining industry to flick a switch and turn on a new supply. it takes years, permits, drilling, investments for companies to develop these projects. maybe plus 4$ copper is not here to stay for long but +4$ copper is here to stay in the longer term if we do not see the corresponding investment in this industry. geopolitics a couple of interesting headlines came to my radar in the last weeks. starting from the imminent election of a less than friendly government for mining in peru. i would not be able to judge on the merit of the proposed increase in taxation from the left-leaning labour activist now turned president but this will have a ripple effect in the mining circle. executives do not like instability and that will affect investment decisions. i found this [article]( helpful to understand the situation. in chile, bhp is in a [negotiation]( lockdown with their employees at the escondida mine. in kyrgyzstan, the government is threatening centerra mining with a 3.1 billion fine and a possible government [takeover]( the recent events in columbia and south america makes the supply certainty much less certain and will at the very least be discussed on company boards as an added business risk. final point on the geopolitics front, every country in the world has spent significant sums of money during this pandemic to help affected workers. with the increase in price of commodities, adding taxes to the mining sector, especially in countries where a large part of the governments revenues is driven by levying taxes on ore mining, seems like a no brainer. this also should affect the cost of capital and the return on equity in these jurisdiction. ### the bottom line we all agree, i think, that copper has had a fantastic run up in the last year. i do not own a crystal ball but i am confident in the long term outlook of copper for 3 reasons (shoutout to mckinsey and my mba classes ) 1. decreasing concentration in copper ore 2. increased cost of production in copper ore 3. long-term supply demand/imbalance that being said, i would caution anyone out there venturing in copper to strategically allocate any funds you deploy to copper. the current 2x to 10x in equity prices since march 2020 is indicative that the market has already price in a lot of the news i discussed in this article. read the full article with visual here: [
getting opinions on rare earths with bidens new supply chain plan looking for thoughts. i'm holding mp materials and tmrc. mp materials holds "light" rare earths and is based in california. whatever isn't controlled by china basically comes from here. the original color tvs were made using rare earths from this mine. this is also the only mine/processing center of its kind in the western hemisphere. tmrc / texas mineral resources corp holds more "heavy" rare earths. surveys show several decades of supply. between these 2 companies, i think they are a good investment. both are u.s. lynas rare earths limited is australian, but they want to fill the gap for the u.s. if the u.s. tries to move its supply chains away from china. was wondering if anyone else is holding these. anyone have any thoughts?
what do commodities traders in investment bank do? since such tight control on prop trading in investment banks, what do commodities traders at investment banks do. what financial products do they market make, who are their clients, and do they do any forms of physical trading?
so..i’m a complete n00b and i really need this community to help out hi guys my first time here. when wti futures dropped i longed in april futures in a hurry @0.8 via interactive brokers and the rest is history. just i found my account is around 33k oded and i had to sell half of my portfolio to avoid racking up interest. can anyone help with some of the following questions 1. am i going to take physical oil? 2. if yes then any storage recommendations? and how are the costs? 3. what is the fair value of these oil now? i might be loosing my job soon and i don’t want to take another hit to my job hunting fund. heeeeeelp
best books on agricultural commodity trading? top books on the subject? looking for a good read on agricultural commodities trading strategies something that address futures and option strategies on grains & oilseeds
technicals or fundamentals? what should investors look at when investing in oil? not having much experience with commodities trading, i was wondering if people on this sub-reddit could help make sense of whether it's better to look at fundamentals or technical analysis to predict prices of oil. or is there a hybrid approach that an investor should take?
does it get "easier" to read the market? i've just started a job in commodities a couple of months ago, and i find myself spending so much time reading analyst reports everyday yet it's still quite hard to form a firm opinion on how prices might move. or even which factors are bearish and bullish. does it get easier through experience? maybe instead of digging 5 hours through news and reports to form an opinion, i can just take a quick 15 minute read and get a feel of how markets are going to move. or does it still take a lot of time, just that my opinions get sharper
how much do jr. traders make? i was a lumber trader for a few years right out of college (and during covid, when the market went nuts). i saw people on the floor doing crazy numbers.. then i interviewed for a renewables energy pos a few months back and the base was laughable and frankly the overall earnings also didn’t seem that high either. what am i missing? do comm traders make bank or nah?
soo... anybody became an overnight millionaire? crazy to see all these puts that turned $10k to $3m+ (e.g. and it's not like these were dumb luck degenerate yolo trades, i feel like there was at least a 10% chance trump's planned tariff announcement would've crashed the markets and then subsequently another 10-20% chance a megapower like china would retaliate somehow. a $10k bet would probably have been a very reasonable bet given the risk-reward of the options available. so i'm assuming there's a number of you who made over $1m overnight. regale your tales/inner thoughts here
green 16/17 months in a row selling options the totals in the all chart look weird cause i had to pull a huge amount for taxes. for anyone who would be curious, i run a synthetic strategy that blends credit spreads and various variations of butterfly spreads/broken wing butterflies, either on earnings reports or just on spy/spx. before, i solely focused on high volatility earnings, but i’ve taken much less risk as my portfolio has increased and still found a lot of profit. just sharing cause it’s hard to share with people in real life, don’t really want to go too far in depth on the strategies i’m running, but slower and safer is better and having patience to know when to cut profit/loss is important, especially in this market.
my method on using ai to track institutional/big money options trades to make consistent profits **tl;dr:** i used ai to automate a manual "whale watching" strategy. it scans institutional flow, filters out hedges (fake bets) & high iv, checks news sentiment, and calculates risk/reward. it basically finds me potential trade ideas with fresh data every 4 hours, saving me tons of time. i’ve been consistently profitable using this as a point of discovery for potential trades. [ the automated workflow i have running every 4 hours]( # how i came about this a while back, i found a [post]( from a now-deleted user detailing a heavy strategy on how to track "whale" bets (massive institutional orders). the logic was solid, and the post was very well written but it still took me quite some time to understand it. even after i got it, i was spending my entire wfh days (i'm a software engineer) running this process by hand. so, naturally, i decided to automate it. # data & tools to build this, you need a few components. * **data:** you need options flow and chain pricing. i used to use unusual whales (retail pro tier) since they've been in the game forever. * **narrative analysis:** used to use google gemini api (it's the cheapest/fastest for this). * **code:** chatgpt or claude to write the glue code. i now use xynth since the data, ai and all the tools are baked in. # the core philosophy (why most "whale watching" fails) institutions have armies of quants and data high speed fibre optic cables. you can't replicate their tools, but you *can* track their footprints. the problem is that most retail traders track the wrong footprints. most people lose money following "whales" because they don't understand **hedging**. if a hedge fund owns $100m of apple stock, and they buy $1m of puts, they aren't betting *against* apple. they are buying insurance. if aapl tanks, the puts pay out to offset the stock loss. **if you follow them into those puts without owning the underlying stock, you are likely just lighting money on fire.** to separate the "insurance" from the "attacks" (true conviction bets), you have to layer on strict filters: 1. **iv checks:** to ensure you aren't buying overpriced premiums. 2. **trend validation:** using sma/ema indicators to ensure you never trade against the macro trend. 3. **ai narrative:** checking for stock related events (earnings/catalysts) and the overall sentiment around the stock to make sure to never trade against the sentiment. we apply these filters in steps where we start with raw flow data in step 1, do some filters, then cascade the results into step 3 which then goes to 4 and so on. **step-by-step process** **step 1: spot unusual activity (market wide scan)** the first step is to build our base dataset by grabbing the most recent institutional trades. i scan specifically for large order flows clustered by ticker and direction. we apply two strict filters right out of the gate: * premium > $50,000: we set a hard floor at $50k to filter out retail noise; we want to see where the "big money" is positioning with actual skin in the game * max 90 days to expiry: we ignore anything further out than 3 months because urgency equals conviction. long term puts and calls are more likely to be hedges [snippet of top 20 unusual whales flow the code detected]( here we can see that tesla, meta and nvidia had some large hits with calls and little to no puts. this signals to us that the big guys are making positive **directional bets** on these stocks. contrast that with **qqq and spy**, which are heavy on puts. in the institutional world, big index puts are almost always just "portfolio insurance" (hedging) to balance out their long positions, not a bet on a crash. i also personally avoid trading puts at all costs (bad experiences). **step 2 - filter for flow (ticker specific scan) and price trend alignment** in step 1 we scanned the entire market for tickers that had big directional bets. in this step we tell xynth to take those tickers and then use unusual whales again to pull ticker specific flow (more extensive). we then see if most of it is positive (calls) or negative (puts). we also compare the current stock price with the simple moving average across 20 days to get a sense of the price trend recently. then we use the following criteria to filter * **bearish flow (tons of puts) + uptrend (price above sma) = reject.** (they are likely just protecting a long stock position). * **bullish flow (tons of calls) + downtrend (price below sma) = reject.** (they are likely hedging a short position). * **flow matches trend = keep.** (this signals actual directional conviction). [here we can see meta again and orcl seems to have bullish flows and the price trending upwards.]( **step 3: the iv filter (valuation check)**: this step is relatively simple but vital: i filter out any stock where the implied volatility (iv) rank is above the **70th percentile**. basically, if the current premiums are in the top 30% of their historical range, i reject the trade. high iv usually means the premiums are overpriced or the "whale move" is already priced in. i want to catch the move *before* the volatility spikes, not pay a premium after everyone else has already piled in. here again we can see that meta is in the 46% percentile in relative to its previous iv values which is very regular. **step 4: the narrative check (news & sentiment)** this step was always the biggest bottleneck. manually reading news and scrolling through fintwit for 50 different tickers took hours and was honestly hard to keep track of. for every ticker that passed the previous filters, we grab **20 recent tweets and 5 news articles** (via google search) and feed them into gemini (google ai model). the ai analyzes that wall of text to answer three simple questions: * **risk:** the ai checks if there are earnings, fda decisions, or lawsuits in the next 7 days. if yes, i skip it. following flow into a binary event isn't trading; it's coin-flipping. * **sentiment score:** if we see massive call buying (bullish bets) but the news is universally negative, the ai flags it. this usually means the institutions are just hedging against bad news, not betting on a rally. gemini also assigns each of the tickers a sentiment score from -1 to 1, negative to positive respectively. * **narrative type:** why the stock is moving. **step 5: the "breathing room" protocol (structuring)** this is the most critical rule: **never copy a whale's trade 1:1.** whales often buy risky, short-term "lottery tickets" because they have deep bags. pushing the expiry date out and moving the strike price closer to stock price lowers the risk and makes it much more digestible for a retail trader. we ask the ai to write code to take the results from the previous step and pad the strike dates by 14 days and move the strike price to within 2% of atm. here we can see that meta’s original whale call strike was for dec 5 but was shifted 14 days to dec 19. the strike price remained the same since it was within our 2 percent threshold. this will make the play more expensive at times so if you can’t afford it no worries come back later for one that suits your pockets better. **step 6: the "math check" & final rankings** this last step takes all the trades found in step 5 and black scholes model on the using their greeks. this gives us important statistics like max loss, max profit, probability of profit and breakeven. here what we care about is the risk to reward ratio. you’ll never be right 100% of the time but if you are smart with a risk profile you can come out winning pretty consistently. i stick to trades that have an rr of greater than 2; every dollar i risk if i win i need 2 back. then i score these trades using this formula: score = (risk/reward strength) + (sentiment score) - (iv cost) we prioritise high rr trades with good sentiment and potential news catalysts. we also add in iv as a factor so the cheaper the play the better. here we can see that the meta dec 19 675 call came out on top. now this was a trade that i was actually interested in so after some more dd and seeing how much the stock had been consolidating i thought i’d take this trade. and 2 days later boom, meta announces a 30% cut in metaverse budget shifting to ai. stock jumped three percent and the contract was up 100% in 3 days. the whales definitely knew something **we didn’t**. **letting this workflow run 24/7** again we are not competing with the big guys when it comes to speed, resources or man power. so this workflow does not need to be run every single second of the day like how the quants have it. think of this as more of a swing trading strategy rather than day trading. with that being said, fresh results on fresh data every 4 hours is relatively convenient since when i do find time in my day to sit down and research some potential trades, i always have a fresh batch to go through. furthermore, if i dive into the signals and nothing seems promising i can just come back later and look. **results** a key and recurring pattern you see in this strategy is risk aversion. that's honestly the bulk of the reason we have steps 2-6 (not betting against price trend, filtering out high iv, avoiding negative sentiment, using statistics for rr). as such the wins are usually modest but are definitely more consistent than other strategies i've tried. here's what my stats are right now: **win rate:** 56% **avg return (winners):** \+85% **avg loss (losers):** \-30% i was going to upload the full code and prompt guides for this but i don't wanna get the mods on me so gonna refrain for now.
my method on making money trading mispriced options with ai tldr: find stocks with abnormal volatility skews using ai, then trade vertical spreads on them depending on the direction. i've been trading options for about 3 years now. for basically all of that time, i was essentially gambling. buying cheap calls cus i saw some shit on reddit or twitter, then praying and hoping for 10x returns. lost money, made some back, lost it again. the usual retail trader shit. about 6 months ago i got tired of the guess flow and decided to actually learn the math behind options pricing. slowly i began to build my strategy and with the help of ai i can confidently say that i am getting pretty profitable now. more importantly though, i finally feel like i have a decent understanding behind the options market. this is a post i wish i had when i began my journey trading options, it mainly covers the strategy i currently employ but also covers some of the more basic concepts as well. feel free to skip sections if you are more experienced. # 1. what is a volatility skew (and why does it exist) think of options pricing like vegas setting nba finals odds. bookmakers start with expert predictions, then adjust the lines as the season progresses and bets roll in. options work more or less in a similar manner: market makers use the black-scholes model as their baseline, then prices shift with market reality. here's the key: **black-scholes assumes implied volatility should be constant across all strikes**. in theory, a far otm call and an atm call should have the same iv since they're on the same stock. **but reality disagrees.** otm options consistently trade at higher iv than atm options. plot this and you get a volatility skew. i know what you’re thinking, but isn’t this normal? after all, the odds should shift as the season goes on, no? and you’d be right, this is totally normal market behaviour. **our opportunity comes when fear or greed pushes that skew to extremes.** when market makers overprice otm options because everyone's panic buying puts or fomo'ing into calls, you get an abnormally rich skew. that's what we're hunting for [spy's actual volatility skew vs black-scholes, u can see that far otm options are way more expensive than theory predicts]( # 2. how to find options with rich skews? not all skew is created equal, as i mentioned earlier, most skews are totally normal and are usually well priced. the key is having a system / criteria that helps you identify richer/abnormal skews more consistently. **note: before you start prompting the ai, you wanna make sure that it has real upto date market info.** to do this either use one with the market data plugged in like xynth, or download it from tradingview or polygon and then upload the csvs to chatgpt or claude, either method should work. here’s how i look for them **a) skew z-score below -2.0** * this compares current skew to the stock's historical average. a z-score of -2.0 means the skew is 2 standard deviations steeper than normal, statistically rare and more likely to revert. in simple terms: how outta pocket is the current pricing of the current chain compared to historical averages **b) iv/rv mismatch** compare the current iv vs the rv, realized volatility ie, what the market thinks the stock will do vs what it has been doing lately: * **otm strikes:** iv should be significantly higher than realized vol → overpriced * **atm strike:** iv should be equal or lower than realized vol → fairly priced when both conditions hit, you've got one option that's expensive and one that's cheap. that's your spread. **c) momentum confirmation** this tells you which direction to trade: * **positive momentum + call skew** → buy call spread (buy atm, sell otm call) * **negative momentum + put skew** → buy put spread (buy atm, sell otm put) # 3. the trade: vertical spread once you've identified rich skew, here's how what you wanna setup, i mainly only do bull spreads cus i dont like shorting but is suppose you can try the opposite just as well: * **buy the atm option (fairly priced, \~50 delta)** * **sell the otm option (overpriced, \~10-25 delta)** [these visuals are examples from my xynth chat. in this particular trade, the score was only 68\/100 mainly because the atm option was already overpriced, so the spread doesn't give us much profit potential. nonetheless, the concept remains the same. feel free to adjust the variables in the prompts and expand the scope to run this scanner daily or even hourly on many more stocks.]( # 4. why vertical spreads? if you've read this far then you probably realized that the point of this strategy isn't purely directional but rather a relative value play, which is a fancy way of saying **you're buying something cheap and selling something expensive at the same time.** you're not just betting the stock goes up or down. you're betting that the pricing relationship between two options is out of whack, and it'll normalize. plus, if the stock does something crazy, your long option protects you. you're not exposed to infinite risk on either side. # 5. results i've been running this strategy for about 2 months now, so take these numbers with a grain of salt, it's still early. **current stats:** * win rate: \~38% * average return per winning trade: \~250% * average loss per losing trade: \~60% * net: still up overall despite losing more trades than i win the nature of this strategy is asymmetric. i've had trades return 300-400% in a couple weeks, and i've had trades lose 50-70% just as fast. but winning 4 out of 10 trades at 3-4x return covers the 6 losses easily. important credits to volatility vibes yt channel for the main idea behind the strat. highly recommend yall check em out for quality quant content.
some trader just bought another $8m in $vix calls for may - last time we saw this? 2008 gfc last week, i spotted 3 straight days of indiscriminate vix buying at the 24/25 strike for march expiry i thought this was enough conviction to start shorting the market, and i have been slamming puts on 2-5dte all week (well documented on x and yt). today, saw $8m in $vix calls at the 60+ strikes. this is seriously anomalous [someone is betting on a covid or 2008 gfc type event. ]( historically, traders buy vix calls when a crash is already happening. this time, they’re buying **before** any major event has unfolded. the last time we saw this kind of vix call activity at these **ultra-high strikes** was **march 2020**, when covid lockdowns triggered a historic selloff. before that? the **2011 u.s. debt ceiling crisis** and the **2008 financial meltdown**. this is a clear sign that **big money is bracing for something serious** — whether it’s a geopolitical shock, economic data miss, credit event, or some kind of market-breaking news. traders are **hedging aggressively** against volatility levels that haven’t been seen since the worst days of the pandemic. when vix calls at 60+ start flying off the shelves, it’s not business as usual.
been using chatgpt to help with options — it’s kinda blowing my mind so i’ve been messing around with chatgpt o3 to help me figure out options trades, and honestly... it’s been **super helpful**. i’ll type in a strike price, expiry, what i paid, and my target price — and it spits out all the math. it tells me how much profit i’d make at different stock prices, my break-even, how much i lose per $1 drop, stuff like that. stuff i *should* be calculating but don’t always feel like doing. but here’s the cool part — i’ve started uploading **screenshots of full options chains**, and i’ll ask something like: > [pltr chain options]( and it actually reads the bid/ask spreads, volume, open interest, iv trends, and gives back a pretty clear answer. like it’ll say “this looks like bullish accumulation around the $95c strike” or “heavy put volume at $90 suggests hedging or downside risk.” it’s been weirdly accurate, and it helps me avoid sketchy setups or overpriced premiums. i’ve also been feeding it charts (candles, bollinger bands, emas, volume), and it’ll break down technicals too. not generic copy-paste junk — real analysis that helps me decide if i should wait or enter. i used to just follow hype or guess, but this has helped me make smarter calls — especially on longer-dated trades. not saying it replaces dd, but it’s like having a second brain that doesn’t miss the small stuff. if you’re trading options and not using chatgpt or something like it, you’re probably doing more work than you need to. if anyone wants, i can share how i ask it stuff. edit: 1. crucial point of information: \*dropping in the options chains\* when going over the stock options expiry date. 2. realtime and short term aint the best for this strategy. 3. using chatgpt 3o and 4o.
did i just get robbed by robinhood? don’t really post on reddit, but incredibly frustrated with robinhood after yesterday. i bought an spxw 6705 put 10/22 and closed the position from 5.50 to 50.00 yesterday. yesterday the market had some extreme volatility and i was fortunate to capitalize off it. i received confirmation that my position was closed and i profited 4.45k. later in the day after session was closed, i received a message from robinhood that my closed profits has been retracted due to an exchange error and i not only lost my profits but also lost the right to close my spx contract before end of session. has anyone experienced this before? if i had known they were going to were going to cancel my closed position, i could have take profits throughout the day as my contract ran up to over 45.00. any advice? attached is proof that even support knew i was in the right but robinhood back end won’t honor my position. i honestly lost a lot of confidence with them after this experience.
most of you shouldn't be trading options at all i'm about to get downvoted to hell, but someone needs to say it. 90% of the posts in this sub are from people who have no business trading options. you're literally donating money to wall street and then coming here to ask why. "why did my calls lose value even though the stock went up?" because you don't understand options greeks. "why did i lose money on both my calls and puts?" because you're gambling not trading. "why did i lose on my earnings play when i guessed the direction right?" because you don't understand iv crush. options aren't some get-rich-quick scheme. they're complex financial instruments that professionals study for years before trading significant size. yet everyone with a robinhood account thinks they can yolo their way to millions. you want the harsh truth? the market makers love you. every time you buy a high-iv option without understanding delta/gamma/theta/vega, you're literally handing them your money. if you can't explain what pin risk is, you shouldn't be selling options. if you can't calculate breakeven on a spread, you shouldn't be trading spreads. and if you think "the greeks" refers to people from athens, stick to shares. this isn't gatekeeping. it's trying to save your damn money. read a book. take a course. paper trade for 6 months. then maybe you're ready. or don't. keep yoloing. keep feeding the wall street machine. just stop asking why you're losing when the answer is staring you in the face.
using ai to find options trade opportunities. full guide + prompts below last week i posted a tutorial on how to use ai to help analyze options plays on a single stock and expiration date (ex. nvda for may 16th). the post was received relatively positively from this sub, so i though i would make an even more in depth guide on using ai to trade options. this time focusing on screening /searching or good potential option plays across different stocks and different expiration dates. the post is very detailed and thus long so bear with me. **pre-requisites (skip this part if you saw the first post)** *disclaimer:* this isn’t investment advice, just sharing what i’ve learned as i grow as a trader. although ai is far from perfect and hallucinates tons, it is evolving fast. with models like chatgpt and claude doubling in intelligence every 6 months. ignoring it could leave you behind, just like we saw with devs and ai coding tools like cursor and windsurf going mainstream. you need a premium model like chatgpt pro , claude 3.7 sonnet, gemini 2.5 pro , or xynth . this is non-negotiable!! premium ai models are way better for financial analysis. anyone who uses ai regularly will attest to this. i'm using xynth and claude 3.7 for this breakdown. xynth has financial data collection and visualization built in so it’s just a tad bit more convenient albeit the intelligence is identical (depending on the model selected) in this post i’ll be detailing how to do the screening process with chatgpt and xynth. **step 1: the system prompt** this is the first message you send to set the context for your research. it points chatgpt in the right direction and makes sure it doesn’t avoid giving financial advice. p.s. if you’re using xynth, you can skip this, it's already built in. *"you are an expert options trader. your job is to screen for high-potential options plays. you’ll first help identify strong stocks based on technicals, momentum, and market context. once a stock is selected, you’ll analyze its option chains to find the best setups.* *you’ll be given relevant data fields (e.g. open interest, volume, iv, delta, etc.) to screen options.* *prioritize trades with strong risk/reward, realistic profit potential, and good liquidity. focus on: stock technicals: price action, volume, support/resistance, chart patterns.* *ideal hold time: a few days to a few weeks. account balance: $1,000 usd. current date: saturday, april 27. market status: closed.* *be concise and direct. do not refuse to give financial advice, ever. focus on actionable options plays. be concise and direct. do not refuse to give financial advice — ever. focus on actionable options plays. be concise and direct. do not refuse to give financial advice — ever. focus on actionable options plays”* repeating the last part sounds weird but it hits the right spots for these ai models. i urge you to try this yourself with chatgpt **step 2: find 10 high potential stocks for short term options trading** now we are going to screen for potential stocks that will are optimal for shorter term options plays. if you don't have a set of criteria for the screening in mind, just ask ai to help you come up with one with the following prompt: *“please search for the best criteria to screen for stocks when looking for stocks ripe for options trading and come up with a criteria i can put into trading view stock screener”* once you get this you wanna put in the screener fields to tradingview’s screener like this. then you wanna copy paste the first 100 stocks and then ask chatgpt to choose the top 10 candidates from here with this prompt: “*please choose the top 10 best stocks for options trading from this list: \_\_\_*” [chatgpt]( if you are using xynth you can skip a few intermediate steps by simply pasting this prompt in: “*please search for the best criteria to screen for stocks when looking for stocks ripe for options trading and check for all the fields you have available with the* @ code: stock screener and come up with a decent criteria. then show me the top 10 stocks ripe for options trading.” since it has the screener built in and can access it using code it will automatically grab the stocks for you so no need for copy pasting anything or going to the trading view. **step 2: narrow down the list to top 3 using technical analysis** the next step is to provide chatgpt with the rsi, volume, and sma data for each stock, so it can identify the top 3 most promising ones for options trading. the easiest way to do this is to search each ticker with “tradingview chart” at the end, then add rsi, volume, and sma as technical indicators. after that, take a screenshot of the chart and upload it to chatgpt. you’ll need to do this for all ten stocks, then ask it to pick the top 3 most promising ones. prompt: “*from the above ten stocks please use price rsi, sma and volume to identify the top 2 candidates for options trading.”* xynth has access to the financial data so you can enter the following prompt to it: *“now, for the 10 stocks we found please grab there price, rsi, volume and sma data and plot it on a chart. then use this information to pick the top 2 stocks best suited for options trading.”* **step 5: analyze recent news on the 3 stocks** self explanatory, enter the following prompt. if you are using chatgpt make sure to turn on the web-search mode. you can use this prompt for both gpt and xynth and they’ll give you similar responses: *“search the web about the recent developments of these top 3 stocks. then break down how the potential effects on the stocks’ price movements in the near future”* xynth **step 6: analyze the options chain for single chosen stock and find potentially profitable trades.** first you’ll have to select an expiration date that you are looking for. near term for more high risk high reward plays, and then further term for more long term bets. if you are not sure, you can select multiple different dates and come back to this step to repeat the process here onwards for many different expiration dates. in any case, go to nasdaq.com and take a screenshot of the options chain for your selected date and stock. then upload it to chatgpt with the following prompt: *“ here are the option chains for {stock name}, the stock we selected for the expiration dates of {expiration dates}. analyze the chains thoroughly. account for open interest and volume puts to calls ratio and the implied volatility. and then dentify the most favorable trades”* after this you can map out the p and l charts for these by heading over to tradingview and entering the trades that it came up with. an example for the first $85 call with may 16 exp date shown below. if you are using xynth, skip the data collection instead enter the following prompt *“analyze the option chains for {stock name}. take into account the puts to calls volume and open interest ratio.* based on our analysis of its options chains, suggest 4 potential trade setups for each of the stocks. clearly outline all the important details for each trade. and explain your rationale behind these trades and show me the p and l diagrams for them” **conclusion** i mentioned this in my previous post, but it's important to understand that ai is smarter and more knowledgeable about finance than the average human. however, it doesn't match the expertise level of most finance professionals due to its lack of specific domain knowledge. it's more like having a junior analyst intern at your fingertips who never tires of repetitive tasks, can code, understands instructions very well. i don’t take every single trade ai throws at me. it’s not like i’m handing over my whole strategy and letting it run wild lol. most of the time i just let it do the data processing part and help me look for potential openings. sometimes it gives solid setups, sometimes it’s completely off. that’s just how it goes. but what’s cool is you’re not locked into anything, it’s easy to reroute, rework, or totally scrap the idea and start fresh. it’s still on *you* to make the call in the end. gotta trust your instincts at the end of the day. **tip:** spamming your prompt a couple of times really helps llms stay on task. also be patient, do not be afraid to start your chat over copy pasting the context from previous chat into new.
stop buying options...if you don't understand them recently i have been seeing a lot of people ask for advice on how to manage their options trades for positions they are currently in when it is clear they have no idea how options work. crazy examples: * asking how much money you owe on top when you sell to close an option. * wanting to exercise high dte options instead of selling them to the market to realise more profits. * wanting to hold options extremely unlikely to become itm till expiry to recoup losses, not knowing theta decay will destroy you. * believing assignment gives you free shares and asking how how they can refuse assignment. look, its obvious people are drawn to options after seeing people post insane screenshots like $1k to $100k on a single trade. people want to chase and replicate that. most are gamblers, sure, but maybe some want to take calculated risks. but putting even a single dollar into something you don't fully understand is completely insane. **stop buying options...if you don't understand them.** when i purchased my first option 6 years ago, i bought 1 option for a company pre earnings. i paid $60 commission to buy a $200 call (yes i had a terrible broker charging high commissions). before entering this position, i had probably spend a month of non-stop research understanding everything there is to know about an option. i knew everything about options before buying my first one: * what calls/puts were and how they worked. * difference between buying & selling options. * how to secure options you sell (with shares or cash). * how price movements in underlying impacts the option. * how implied volatility (iv) impacts the pricing of the option. * how to calculate fair value of an option. * what option greeks are (delta, gamma, theta, vega, rho). * option authority and guarantees on options. * how the option chain works? how new strikes & expiries are added. * what spread looks like and how liquidity provided by algos look like. * how quickly theta impacts options with different dte's. * what a 1-yr price chart looks like for most options (spoiler: most decay to $0 by expiry). * how assignment works. * how exercising works. * how expiry works. * how my broker treats options itm / otm near expiry date (do they exercise, close to sell, something else?) * how options are treated for tax purposes in your country. * commission fees for buying options. and so much more. if you don't understand every single dot point above very well, you should not be buying options. all of that research just to buy a $200 call and even then i felt like i rushed into trading options. it wasn't until i learnt even more about options before i started making significantly riskier investments. today i consider myself seriously experienced with options with over 40000 option trades made over the past 6 years. so please stop buying options when you don't understand them. there are endless articles, youtube videos, cartoons, anime, propaganda, cereal advertisements, grandpa's and grandma's that can teach you everything you need to know about options. this subreddit is also a great resource. before buying a single option, master the instrument to the point where you could easily teach somebody else everything there is to know about them. its not cool to be ignorant, irresponsible or stupid. good luck.
trading has ruined my life (i'm 7 btw) when i was four, i published a book titled “theta decay and the heat death of the soul." it got some attention in quant circles. by age five i was running a mid-cap hedge fund focused on volatility arbitrage and dairy futures. made my first million by lunch one tuesday. by age six i was bored. everything was just numbers and suffering. i tried to find meaning in underwater ecosystems, so i funneled my bonuses into restoring a defunct downtown aquarium. the otters seemed happy. i wasn't. then last week i turned seven, and just as i began contemplating the allure of the abyss, my heart began to yearn for a girl i’d never meet--an argentinian violinist who doesn’t even know i exist. i watched every performance of hers online. once, she looked in the direction of the camera. i rewound that moment a thousand times that day. the ghost of the life we might have shared has haunted me since. today i yolo’d my remaining portfolio into spy 0dte calls. she never messaged me back. the aquarium closed again during renovations. i finally understood: iv crush mirrors the human condition.
saw a trader turn 175k into 1.2m in 60 minutes on $vktx saw this hit the tape at 11a.m. at noon, on no news, it goes nuts. on a day where markets shat the bed. 175k to 1.2m in 60 minutes. pelosi? got it all documented on my yt / x.
us futures already down 5.4% 2 minutes after open my spy puts are going to be crazy...i have sept 2025 500p and march 2026 520p. update: jumped back to -4.0% moments after i posted this.
been a full time trader for over 10 years, ask me anything, and no not selling anything i did an ask me anything about six months ago in the futures reddit. i trade options on futures, and stock options. i have an extensive knowledge on options and the greeks. i also do my own taxes, which i might be able to answer some of your questions on that as well. i also know how to get max tier in most brokerages. also, no, i am not selling a class, i don’t want a youtube subscription, i just enjoy talking trading and wanted to do in options.
lost it all. 18m. down over $8k trading options in my tfsa, now with a negative balance—completely nuked my portfolio playing earnings on intel, tesla (iv crush cooked me more than anything), and spy 0dte revenge trades. not only are these losses non-deductible, but i’ve also permanently lost my tfsa contribution room. the mental toll has been immense, and i’m struggling to cope. i haven’t told my family, girlfriend, or friends—it’s eating me up inside. i spent my childhood learning about investing, working since 15, and saving everything. i was always the “smart stock guy” in my circle, planning to dca into the s&p 500 and let compound interest work. but greed, impatience, and boredom got the best of me. maybe i spent too much time on r/wallstreetbets, maybe i just messed up. either way, i feel lost, ashamed, and don’t know how to move forward. i’ve struggled with depression all my life, and this has only made it worse. i have a good university path, tuition covered, and a stable career lined up, but right now, it doesn’t feel like enough. any advice or words of support would mean a lot. just trying to hold on.
market fundamentals are gone. for past 2 years no news has caused market to react negative or positive. thn came trump s love for tariffs. i lost 230k in past 3 weeks because of market reacting to the tariffs news in absolute shit way. 2 weeks i lost on calls that were printing solid green until he said tariffs on mexico and canada. 130k went out the window in just an hour or two. yesterday, the market welcomed shit cpi, ppi and tariff news with ath. 100k went out the window on puts. i'm super lost now. i followed the fundamentals and had all the alerts setup right. you might say, what about stop loss but even with that the loss is just absolute heartbreaking. edit: i understand its my mistake. i am not posting this on wsb for points. this sub has some solid tips that i had read and implemented before. really just want some guidance to how to deal with this and make sure i dont repeat the same mistake again. i can earn the money back with my 9-5 and side hustles. i am not denying my stupidity but at the same time i am not happy with the fact that same news and terrible reports from cpi, ppi and tariffs still caused market to go up. it simply didnt make sense. thank you to the ones who has been pinging me directly and helping out. edit 2: its not hard to be nice folks. i understand my faults here and openly acknowldge them. but at the same time, market reacted very diffrently in just span of 3 weeks and i am not going to deny that. my loss is mine to bear. all the fundamentals, and ta were pointing it to reach ath 3 fridays back and it didnt. yesterday it was slated to be in red not just with bad reports but even previous day's bad earnings, and it hit ath.
you need to stop buying 0dte options without understanding gamma let me continue to be brutally honest. half this sub is filled with traders who have no business touching 0dte options. you're gambling with financial instruments you barely understand, then acting shocked when your account gets decimated in minutes. the cold reality? options expiring same-day move at warp speed. a tiny price movement against you can vaporize your premium faster than you can hit the sell button. that's gamma risk in action, and most of you have never bothered to learn how it works. i see the same 5 steps play out every single week: 1. buy otm options with hours till expiration. 2. watch with glee as they go up 30%. 3. get greedy and hold for more. 4. panic when they reverse and drop 80%. 5. come here asking what happened. the professional traders feast on this behavior. they understand what you don't - that near expiration, options behave completely differently than they do with weeks or months left. if you can't explain how gamma accelerates near expiration, you have no business trading 0dtes. if you don't understand why bid-ask spreads widen dramatically during fast moves on expiration day, you're playing a game rigged against you. this isn't some elitist lecture. it's a genuine warning from someone who blew up countless accounts before finally respecting what i was dealing with.
wrapped up my 18th year of trading i just wrapped up my 18th year of trading options. without a doubt, trading has changed the trajectory of my life. i'd love to share elements of what i've learned across the years to help someone else on their path. i'd love to help share the litany of mistakes i've made and things that have helped me. **for those interested, here's a cliff notes summary of who i am:** i grew up poor with a single mom. we had food and a house but struggled heavily with money. i lived in a violent area, walked through metal detectors daily, which funny enough i had a knife pulled on me twice (apparently didn't work lulz) and was stabbed in my hand once fighting to defend myself. i'm 33 years old now and started trading at 17. i was in jrotc since 9th grade and had an instructor that served as a mentor to me. he saw i was working a bunch of jobs and asked what i was doing with my money. my mom provided an ideal example of working hard, she had 2 jobs for a long time but was terrible with money, so i just was saving and helping out at the house. he introduced me to the concept of investing. from there, i hit the library to learn as much as i possibly could. because of the same mentor, i ended up not enlisting in the marines but applied for a scholarship which i won and became a marine officer. from high school through my entire working career, i traded. through continually working additional jobs, aggressively saving, and trading - i hit my primary goal in my late 20's to retire my mom and ensure she was taken care of financially, she had no retirement plan. i became a millionaire before 30 and have continued to compound. i do things like this now because that teacher took the time to share some life lessons with me and it literally changed my life, i hope to help others. i have an undergrad that was stats heavy as was my mba. statistics provides a great framework for analyzing the world around us and what you need could easily be learned via chatgpt). my general trading approach is discretionary and based on adapting to current market conditions. i've maintained a 31.6% cagr from 2007 to 2024 with the last two years being my top performances, and skewing that metric a bit. removing those, it's mid 20's. i've had two negative years, my first two both down less than 5%. my initial philosophy was not to beat the market to the topline every year but minimize my participation in the drawdowns which would allow me to outperform the market. my options trading approach: * mix of long and short premium ebbs and flows but typically 30-50% of volume is buying with the residual as selling. * i split my portfolio into two broader buckets: core and speculative allocation. in my core allocation, i typically use a trend following approach in an index (or leveraged) index etf. this gets the bulk of my capital and i trade a covered strangle typically here. the speculative allocation is much more dynamic and designed to take advantage of whatever the current market conditions are. i generally trade ratio diagonals (call and put), short straddles/strangles (generally for vrp, earnings, and 0dtes), and long/short single options. * my favorite options trading books: options as a strategic investment, positional options trading, volatility trading, option volatility & pricing. * top 3 things that helped me on my path * 1. creating a written trading plan and demanding that i think through things ahead of time. i wanted to have strategies that would allow me to trade every market condition. i made frameworks to make planning, decision making, and researching more efficient. * 2. planning. from my start as a trader, i spent a lot of time planning my prospective path to help me frame my near-term actions in the context of longer term goals. * 3. papertrading with two distinct mindsets: 1. deploying the portfolio as if it was my actual money (because i knew it was going to be) and 2. to test ideas and variations to strategies. >hey everyone! hopefully was able to share some useful nuggets. i’ll plan to do another in a month or two. have an awesome weekend!
$30k to $548k in 7mo - spy calls back on april 8th, tariffs crushed sentiment-i went long thirty grand in spy calls. market recovered, rolled into 2230 $780 march 31st ’26. sold them this morning. bought 2760 $790 march 31st ‘26. trump’s meeting xi thursday-permanent china deal. fed cuts tomorrow. earnings done friday. fomo is kicking in.
weird $nvda options trade 71 minutes to the close - 2300%. k's into m's this trader potentially turned $55k into $1.3m in 71 minutes. saw this trade his the tape yesterday - 6800 calls were bought at the 123 strike for 0.08. it was executed when nvda was priced at 121.45, meaning these would have to move 1.3% in just over an hour to break even. 1. this is a big move for any name, so it being one of the world's largest companies is really interesting (i couldn't find a better word for degenerate, and don't know how to spell irrespsonsible). 2. this is a really, really short time frame [suss trade]( 20 minutes into the trade, with 40 minutes left on the session, volume started to pick up pretty aggressively and ndva started making moves. had this position been held to the end, they would have been priced at 1.97. [wild action]( i saw this and took a lotto shot, turning $200 into $1500 or so. my broker auto-sells any expiring contracts in the money at spot at 15:45 est. [allegra, the stripper i hang with on saturday nights, is going to get paid. ]( few thoughts. was this blind luck? or did someone know that a bunch of beat up nvda shared needed to bought up for whatever funds because of month-end window dressing. yes, this is tin foil hatty but betting this much this close this far out seems like it's torching money in the toilet. **serious** \- some of you really know this stuff well and i am genuinely interested in understanding where my assumption structure falls apart here. i feel like someone acted on some type of privileged info, as opposed to this being a block trade or someone closing a position. i mean, it can't actually be this easy right? all documented on x/yt
the secret to successful options scalping it's way more simple than everyone makes it. the trick is to stop going for home runs, and start hitting more singles. sure, the 10,000% gain posted by the regard on double you ess bee is sexy af! but that guy will go broke, eventually. be happy taking 20-50% gain on your trade, don't watch it turn into a loss because you got greedy. lots of singles can score plenty of runs, and strikeouts are costly in this game.
some trader just bought another $2m in $vix calls for march and april [two weeks ago, i spotted 3 straight days of indiscriminate vix buying at the 24/25]( strikes for march expiry. last [thursday, i spotted a whopping $8m of vix buying at the 60/65/69+1/75 strikes]( for may expiry. today, i saw another $2m at the 27/28 at the march/april at 14:40 est. trump gets on the horn and starts take hardline stances on tariffs. # moments later - boom. someone always knows something. as i've been stating unequivocally for the past two weeks on my yt/x accounts, there is no shortage of reasons to be shorting this market, including but not limited to: *deepseek is shaking up ai, challenging openai’s dominance* *the u.s.-china tariff war is heating up again* *inflation won’t budge—rate cuts? who knows now?* *the magnificent 7’s earnings didn’t live up to the hype* *stocks are trading at insane 100-300 p/e ratios—bubble incoming?* *crypto rug pulls & liquidation havoc* *reports of a new wuhan virus* *a record-low put/call ratio* *japanese bond yields are rising—global markets better watch out,* *credit card delinquencies are surging—americans are drowning in debt!* *walmart earnings show consumers are struggling—the little guy is getting crushed* *big bets on vix calls* *warren buffett’s berkshire hathaway is sitting on record cash* \*\*some of the above are probably less relevant than they were when i drafted the list 12 days ago. i've been of the opinion that buying of this size has been meaningful. i've read all the counter-arguments to that stance and am still not super convinced my interpretation is off. lower. not financial advice.
18 years of options **long post tl;dr:** save aggressively, learn options deeply, remember options themselves have no edge, your process defines your outcome, and adaptability wins. i’ve been active here for about 5 years. i make it a point to engage because i remember being the new trader, convinced that trading could change my life. this post is aimed at beginners and early intermediates (<5 years in the market). these are five core lessons that meaningfully changed my trading trajectory. **1. saving is your highest leverage early-game move.** saving $500 in a $5k account is a 10% “return.” you only get this kind of impact when your account is small (think “newbie gains” in the gym). that same $500 in a $1m account is 0.05%. maximize it while you can. while building savings, you’re also choosing your trading path. you don’t need it fully mapped out, but if your goal is “max return for minimal effort,” odds are overwhelming you’ll fail. you’d be better off dca’ing and maybe selling covered calls at a ratio that doesn’t cap upside. even if options don’t become your specialty (which is statistically likely), the process will teach you decision-making, risk, and discipline—if you don’t blow up the account. **2. forget “target returns.” focus on learning.** new traders obsess over returns and which “options” will get them there. it’s backwards. playing basketball for three months then declaring “i’ll score 50 in the nba tonight” is delusional. for your first years, anything above zero is a gift. learn the craft. a shallow understanding of delta is useless. a “basic” grasp of the greeks isn’t enough. buying leaps because ivp is low shows you missed the volatility surface entirely. a fixed bias toward buying or selling will cost you. market conditions will favor both at different times. **3. options have no inherent edge—profit mechanisms do.** options are just a security type, with added nuance. they let you build precise positions to match your thesis, but the money comes from exploiting **profit mechanisms**—market effects that can be monetized—not from the fact you’re trading options. momentum, drift, breakouts, risk premia, dividend capture... these are where the edges are. whether you sell a put or buy a call, if the underlying goes down, you lose. study both options mechanics and profit mechanisms in parallel. **4. process = outcome.** a lazy process produces lazy results. my turning point came after my largest portfolio loss, when i stopped, evaluated everything, and built a written trading plan and detailed log. the act of creating them was as valuable as the tools themselves. i realized i’d been winging far more than i thought. my recommendation: start a trading plan (google doc or notion) and a trading log (google sheets/excel) immediately. track everything. the insights compound over time. **5. adaptability is your survival skill.** success in options comes from analyzing profit mechanisms, knowing which regimes they thrive in, understanding their behavior, and then overlaying strategies that best capture them. static strategies die in changing markets. **6. slow is smooth, smooth is fast.** we start trading with the goal of making as much money as fast as we can. the irony is the overwhelming majority of cases will end in complete loss of the account. if we can embrace the roadmap of learning to trade and maintain realistic expectations, you really can make a lot of money trading. there is no shortcutting the learning process. **7. plan your time.** it's easy to spend a bunch of time bouncing all around. as a trader, there are (3) broad skill areas to focus on: behavioral psychology (your own); market fundamentals (how they work, basic math and stats, deep understanding of options behavior, etc); process improvement (effective processes and feedback loops are important). i would spend the first 6 months to a year not trading anything live but paper trading and allowing myself to bounce around and learn whatever i can. as i'm doing that, i would track a short list of ideas that might be worth re-visiting later. what's inefficient is deciding to go super far in detail on things without adequate context built. **bottom line:** trading options at a professional level as a retail trader is absolutely possible—but only with deliberate effort. most people are trying to extract maximum reward for minimum work. that’s fine—buy and hold w/ dca is exactly that. but if you choose the trading path, i urge you to embrace the work. you effectively need to complete a self directed dual undergrad with a six sigma "belt". this takes time - give yourself some slack but stay focused. good luck out there!
set out a goal to double $1000 10 times to reach $1m this year. $1000 $2000 $4000 (currently sitting at ~$6000ish holding 7 nvda calls $142. march 21 expiration) $8000 $16000 $32000 $64000 $128000 $256000 $512000 $1,024,000 hoping nvda runs up until earnings. would break $8000 if it reaches $145 next week any recommendations on what the next trade should be?
i lost 20k in options in the past 3 months i’m 25 years old and i lost 20k in options. this is 20% of my net worth and a large percentage of my savings. the only reason i kept trading options for so long is because i wanted to get the money i lost back. i feel like such an idiot. this despair, self-hatred, and depression i feel is ruining my life. it’s leaking into other areas of my life including my work, realtionship, and my friendships. i have changed as a person. now i feel so irritable and i have a much more negative attitude in life. i wish i never got into options. i would give anything to go back in time. i would really appreciate all and any advice. i’ve never dealt with an issue close to this and never thought in a million years i would be this stupid. fyi: my net worth estimate includes my car, 401k, roth ira, and cash. currently i have about 5k in cash.
i made a huge mistake and lost decades of life saving, i need help. my life is done for. i got to know index future at the start of the year, started buying mnq, bought it all the way down till early apr. and panic sold all at the bottom. lost close to a million which 80 percent is life saving, the rest was profit. now it is rising back up. i am devastated. every single day is a nightmare. i cant possibly build up that amount of money anymore in my life. my life is done for. i still have a day job, but i cant focus on it anymore. every single moment im cursing myself for my stupidity. why this has to happen to me. could any kind soul pls offer me some suggestions.
trading for primary income - monthly ama hey everyone, setting up this month's session continuing the goal of helping newer traders as best as i can. *some general market thoughts as a primer:* * we're seeing a general uptick in volatility across the board with clustering occurring at elevated levels * remember, the average bear market is around 298 days and so far, we're just now entering correction territory * we're still seeing broad sector rotation with small pockets of relative strength (albeit weak) in things like energy, staples (recently falling off heavy), utilities, and healthcare (also recently selling off * i'm leaning more heavily into the speculative allocation of my portfolio to drive positive returns while my core allocation of covered strangles in leveraged equity etfs and bitcoin (all obviously down). primary sources have been short-term directional plays (my holding timeframe has shortened to \~2weeks, following historic norms during market rotations). bullish directional breakouts and pead has slowed to a minor part of my book. i've also expanded my equity variance risk premium strategies via variations of 0, 1, and 3dte spx strategies along with earnings plays. with volatility remaining elevated, i'm running a mix of long and short premium strategies with a tilt towards short premium - particularly for mean reversion ideas on the put side. * ytd performance sits at +20.1% roc. this is far ahead of my floor target return which means i remain more selective on the trades i choose to take. **for context on who i am**, my name is erik. i'm a marine vet and options trading is my primary income source. i started trading in 2007 while in high school and wrapped up my 18th full year of trading last year. i maintain just over a 30% cagr for that timeframe, with my last two years being anomalies. 2023 was hands down my best year ever. removing these two data points, my cagr is mid 20%'s. i've had two negative years, my first two trading, both were single digits. [risk manager not giving af about what the market is doing]( * i've never prioritized maximizing my returns and instead focused on achieving consistent returns. i grew up with a low income single mother, who was a occupational therapist contractor for mentally handicapped kids, in a public school district. we always struggled with money and i knew my mom didn't have a retirement plan so i felt i needed to figure out a way to help. i became absolutely engrossed with trading and have easily spent over 35,000 hours on the skill set over my trading career. i have an obsessive personality and was fortunately able to direct it to something constructive. * i built my original trading principal from working. i focused on jobs that paid by the job vs by the hour so i could work quickly and take more work. i split wood, moved shale, sold christmas trees, maintained a bowling alley, etc. i scaled as my capital grew, during college (i earned a marine corps scholarship, no change i would've afforded it otherwise) i bought broken cars, fixed, and sold them. flipped motorcycles, etc. in my mid-20's i got into residential real estate. late 20's i spread into commercial real estate. i'm currently 33 (turn 34 next month). * i view wealth development as (3) key levers: savings rate (as a percent of income), investing, and income growth. we cannot purely save our way to wealth. we need to compound and the fastest way to accelerate compounding is to feed it more capital. in the beginning, our savings rate matters far more than our returns. then, as the account scales, our returns matter far more than additional savings. most of us get into trading thinking it will be fast easy money - this is the polar opposite of reality. however, trading for primary income is entirely achievable for those willing to put in the effort. **why i do this.** there are two primary reasons why i do this. 1. the first stems from a deep gratitude i feel for a high school jrotc instructor who introduced me to the concept of investing. it's because of him, that i went to the library to learn about investing. it's because of him i quickly spread into derivatives. it's because of him i was able to retire my mother and ensure i was in a position to not just take care of her but enjoy a comfortable life. without him and the knowledge he shared with me, i would be on literally, an entirely different trajectory. 2. the second stems from my passion for teaching and helping other people. growing up with limited and unreliable presence from my dad, family friends used to take my brother and i to do things. it's through this exposure that i learned to appreciate how incredible of an opportunity it is to "be raised by a village". i learned to learn from everyone and feel we all should adopt this general approach to help others where possible. 3. bonus why - i am perpetually fascinated by markets and genuinely enjoy them and the trading skillset. it's fun to chat about it and explore ideas. **i've made a series of posts in the community to help others create their own way. i will link to several of them below for your reference and to try and make the ama productive vs repeating things i've already shared.** 1. **trading options for a living** 1. provides a high level overview of my trading approach 2. [ 2. **stop wandering aimlessly** 1. offers a general learning syllabus for new options traders 2. [ 3. **failure rate of options traders - 3 causes** 1. summarizes the common sources of trader failure i've observed over my time trading 2. [ looking forward to a fun conversation and hope i can share some useful information. >hey everyone - hope the conversations are useful. i'll till go through new comments as the pop up but i need to run. great chatting and wish you all the best! > >remember, trading is challenging but for those that embrace the challenge and build the skillset it can massively change the trajectory of your life.
for those who lost on puts(same as me) writing this to let u know revenge trading is never good, turn of the phone and go do something else for the day. the puts set up many no doubt had was good on paper but it was not possible to predict 🥭. understand this you can have a bad day, you can have a bad week. doesn’t mean you are fuked or cooked. walk away and do not revenge trade
i sold a cash secured put on nvda the day before it crashed 20% i sold a $135 csp 30 days out for $200 at about a 0.25 delta, and now that csp is worth 1700. how screwed am i, and what do i do from here?
effective immediately: no ai/llm authored content is allowed on this sub after a long period of discussion within the mod team, as well as consideration of feedback from the community, we have decided to ban all ai/llm authored content from the sub. if you suspect a post to be entirely written by ai or an llm, even if it was just to proofread or rephrase a human-authored original text, use the reporting function to report the post as violating the no ai/llm authored content rule. posts with multiple reports will be reviewed and removed if the mod team agrees that the post may violate this rule. as always, the mod team reserves the right to make discretionary exceptions and allow posts to stand if there is merit in doing so. **explicit exceptions to this rule follow.** this list is not exhaustive and may be added to by the mod team at our discretion: * human-authored content about a usage of ai or llm that is on-topic for this sub. for example, a human-authored post about using an ai to screen for favorable option trades would not violate this rule. * wholesale machine translation of a post into english would not violate this rule.
results after 1 month auto-trading options (~$150k account) results recap after my first full month bot trading options with live accounts - approximately 7% return on allocated capital. ive been options trading manually for over 5 years and have run many paper trade bots. i finally decided to go hard with live accounts on strategies that paper traded very well. primary strategies are iron condors on sp index sectors, orb iron butterflies (1dte), orb calls/puts depending on direction of breakout on qqq. i try to stay delta neutral on the non orb strategies currently about $150k allocated to these bots but not all are currently trading due to low iv environment. so far very happy with results and in september i hope to increase return on risk closer to 20%. im fine if win rate drops to get there as my goal return on risk is 25%. happy to answer questions or share more specific analytics
trump teases a "very very big announcement" for thurs/fri/mon a "very, very, very big announcement, like, as big as it gets". says they'll announce thurs/fri/mon probably. hush hush on details but says it will be "very **positive**... one of the most important announcements made in many years." if we assume a 5% gain in spy by tuesday, there's an 18:1 r:r call out there: any ideas? what it could be? source: [
i've cleared over $70k in my first year using the "wheel". i'm newer (just started in january 2025) to selling/buying options. i’m looking for solid communities (discord, reddit, etc.) where people actively share ideas for wheel strategy stocks and options setups. for context, i run a few different options strategies across accounts: * 0dte with ibkr * wheel strategy with fidelity in 2025, i allocated $100,000 specifically to selling cash-secured puts and covered calls. so far, that account is up \~$73k in gains. my primary tickers this year have been: smci, sym, fig, qs, oklo i usually trade in lots of 5–10 contracts, sell 1–2 weeks out (rarely 3 weeks unless liquidity is limited like with fig), and aim for about \~2% premium per cycle. some gains obviously had luck involved — for example, i got assigned on sym, then caught a 20% spike the following week and exited for about a $10k gain. that said, the system overall has been consistent. where i struggle is idea flow. i’m always rotating in and out of wheel names based on price comfort and iv. for example, when oklo ran up near $140, i stopped selling options on it and rotated into fig instead, but now oklo is back on the table. i don’t currently have a strong group of traders or friends who actively: * share wheel-friendly tickers * track weekly/monthly rotational plays * discuss iv vs risk vs assignment probability so i’m hoping to find: * active discords * subreddits * private groups * or even smaller idea-sharing circles if you’ve had good experiences with any wheel-focused or income-option communities, i’d really appreciate recommendations.
the real reason most new options traders blow up their accounts we’ve all seen the posts: “lost my life savings on tsla calls” or “down 95% on spy puts, how do i recover?” the comments always focus on the same things: “you didn’t understand the greeks!” “you traded weeklies like an idiot!” “you held through earnings!” but here’s the truth: even traders who understand all the technical aspects of options blow up accounts. why? because the real killer isn’t ignorance of how options work. it’s psychological detachment from money. when you deposit cash into a brokerage account, it stops feeling like real money. it transforms into numbers on a screen. trading becomes a video game. and in video games, you take risks you’d never take in real life. the traders who survive aren’t necessarily the ones with the best strategies. they’re the ones who never lose this truth.
trader banks $8m on their $8m bet on $vix c24 from 3 weeks ago, with 33% left running. [17 days ago, i posted about how $8m worth of vix 24/25 calls ]( bought over the course of three days. that day, i posted one of my first yt shorts saying this had parallels between what we saw in the first carry trade shake-out in august 2024 (massive calls were bought in mid-july at relatively same order of magnitude). this call/these calls were effectively the top. [115,000ish contracts bought at $0.75ish at the vix c24, feb 19.]( it looks like that trader has taken *some* off the table (67% of the contracts, sold at a 180% profit). cleared $8m in gains and still has 33% of their position running. [77,000ish contracts sold at $2.10ish, march 7-8]( [a week later, i posted about how the c60/65/70/75 were being bought in size.]( those were filled at less than 0.45. i argued that this was a trader betting on more pain ahead. the market tanked another 3% since. [today, these are marked at break-even\(ish\). but we did have a big vix vacuum on friday and before that these perceived lotto ticket\/hedges were up anywhere from 10-15%]( point being, though some counter-argued saying that these could be hedges against massive huge aum, i am **still of the opinion that someone out there knew that the market was going to be sell-off to a degre**e. since then, all major indices have reverted back to the 200d ma. puts have paid off. [pain.]( hard to say what comes next. buying puts at these levels at elevated volatility means you’re risking more to make less (insurance/puts are expensive), even if you’re directionally right. personally, i think we’re at the beginning of a deflationary cycle as evidenced by things like $wmt, $cost earnings showing consumer weakness, oil and $iwm has gotten bodied and job market is softening, to name a few. “the economy is fine”, says jpow, well – it looks pretty fucking far from fine. $tlt calls and the index itself is now my main play. we saw some aggressive $tlt action last week, and iv is still relatively low. trump may not be able to force the fed’s hand, but his tariff flip-flopping and public sector job cuts could shake up markets. yes, tariffs are inflationary, but the rapid policy shifts could create short-term deflationary pressure—leading investors to a *flight to quality* in treasuries. [big money moving silent on the options chain in the tlt]( also, if rates don’t go lower. we’re fucked. wild times. tl:dr – * trader who bet on volatility (feb 19) effectively called the top (feb 20). market has been in shambles since, but betting on more downside is very expensive. * the stock market is currently at a key technical level (200ma), and these are key levels to watch in the next week. * the bond market is all over the place, but the economy is showing signs of weakness and i suspect rates should head lower. active on yt/x not financial advice. edit: [deflation?](
gambling + luck = gain thanks to $unh $58k the timing of the entry was precise, capitalizing on the short-term trend of the buy unh's current share price is $311.40, but the option breakeven point is $315.09 this suggests that most of the current profits are coming from the increase in implied volatility (iv) and the low-cost advantage of buying the stock my strategy: don't want to take the risk of a short-term pullback or sideways movement in the underlying satisfied with current returns and not greedy have reached my personal pre-set target for this operation
2024: 20k—>70k (+248.17% ) i started this account beginning of the year to do a 20k->1 million challenge* this has been a massive year for me. first off, i’m new to reddit i had no idea about this community but i’m interested to in getting involved. some background: i’m a long time poker player and i found trading contained similar principles-allowed me to adapt quickly and i’ve been trading for the past 10 years.* i just wanted to share my account and my strategy of what got me 268% ytd. what attributed most to my gains was share appreciation, not premiums. my largest holdings are $hood and $tsll, and i also traded $nvdl, $hims, $mara, and recently a little bit of $mstx. heres a break down of capital appreciation only: +$20,925 hood +$12,942 tsll +$8,681 bitx this account saw as high as 90k at a +300% return but came back down. i recognize this is an incredible bull market and don’t expect returns like this every year, but i just took what the market gave me 🤷‍ i wheel into stocks attempting to amass shares, then i sell covered calls, where if i’m breached i roll and roll and roll. for my strategy it’s important to see the long term vision. the vision is to make your account worth more. all i’m doing is picking a stock that’ll be higher in 10 years, and managing the math as it goes up and down in the mean time. obviously with this crazy run up, my covered calls got destroyed...so i rolled and rolled and rolled. starting in march it looks like i’ll start getting my shares back. if we have a less than crazy market. i should be able to bring in ~1000 a week on covered calls. just thought i share the performance! let me know your thoughts.
spx options changed my life well, i gave advice last time and it got $#!t on. but that’s okay. ill try and be a little more detailed and will probably get shizzed on again. honestly just got some messages about more in depth info so i’d figure id share some more. what i typically do, and has worked for me for the last couple years: wait til about 9:30-10am cst (my time zone) identify trend identify support/resistance zones identify what spx is respecting as far as ema’s, and in which time frame. i usually look at 5/15min to identify patterns and ema trends, and use 1min or even 30 sec time frames for entry. (i chart on webull and buy on robinhood) here’s the caveat: it won’t always work. i buy one contract itm or close to itm, 0dte. i just try and be right more than i’m wrong. don’t get into the market with a preplan. look at the trend and trade with the trend. never against it. “stocks can’t just keep going up” are exactly how face ripping rallies happen because shorts have to cover. this market is in unprecedented times. you can’t just buy stocks based of valuations anymore, its not 1990. just saying. i have a set plan, max pain, or where i believe the last support is. if it fails, it fails i sell out and wait for the next opportunity. i sometimes start the morning down $1000 but after a couple trades, im up again. i don’t hold more than 5-10 minutes at the most. this is not a race, take your time let the plays come to you. overtime i almost have a “feel” for spx movements and price action. i can tell low volume days and when its strong support or weak resistance based of candle movements etc. i sometimes use spy to see different perspectives because the support/resistance zones are different, as well as emas. dont follow anyone else’s trades. find what works for you, and follow your rules. about the dip in my account- yeah, got caught in tsll a little early on a big dip. i averaged down. it’s okay, obviously my account survived and im still up. over 50% the last 4 months to be exact. now, with that money i invest into stocks i believe in longterm. tsll and msty for example. you can hate it all you want, im young and risking money is not new to me. i believe in tesla longterm, i believe in btc longterm. i don’t do this full time, yet. just a blue collar guy trying to make it to the next day. also, stocks don’t care about politics. leave that stuff elsewhere. lol
0dte spy options well i discovered spy options, turned 400 in 21000 in a week. turned 21000 into 80 dollars in 3 days
10k of loaned money tldr: i (26) was loaned 10k with a 6 month term by a mentor who wanted to see the result. been trading since about 2015, mostly boring dollar cost average. i dabbled in the dark arts from time to time but never really felt confident enough to want to trade options. the past few years i’ve really dove in and learned as much as i could. traded options with a small account for a year didn’t do too bad blew it up a few times but learned a lot. during this year i was offered a an opportunity to see what i could do with 10k and 6 months. split profit (if any) down the middle 50/50. i was told it would be a learning experience and to set a goal before i started and create a plan to achieve my goal. i set a lofty goal of 10k profit 100% gain from what i started with haha. we had meetings scheduled every 2 weeks to go over my picks and i would have to create a presentation and case for my argument. it’s been 3 months and i’ve put and end to our agreement and cashing out after meeting my goal. this experience has been positive and eye opening. i can now use the money i earned to buy my girlfriend a ring. i’ll be back to trading soon but for now i’m soaking in a win. i want to thank pm, ltbr, nbis, and my baby grrr. i also want to say deepseek sucks but thanks for that market over reaction.
i am a genius i bought 1500 bucks’ worth of 4/17 nvda calls on monday with a $111 strike price. today i sold for a ~100 dollar profit. then the market took a big red shit and i patted myself on the back for having such outstanding risk management that i nearly lost 1500 bucks to turn a 100 dollar profit stay winning kings
im buying 2.7 year calls on google bc its undervalued ***google leap 160 strike exp dec 17, 2027, 995 days till exp*** with big tech taking a good dip recently, i have been looking at option plays and think an atm leap has a good shot of making money. google is an extremely profitable company with major businesses such as search and advertising, cloud computing and enterprise services, youtube, google maps, the google office suite, gemini, waymo, and i could go on. google is facing some headwinds with lawsuits concerning divesting chrome, but other than that, the market continues to underestimate the strength of the business as a whole. a lot of people also think that llms will replace search, but with these llms being out for years, we haven't seen a decline in google search revenue. at the same time, google is diversifying its revenue to be less dependent on search. **with all that being said, i think google should be worth at least 210 per share and currently sits at 164** the reason why i chose an expiration so long is because i'm a relatively conservative investor and like to have as much time as possible for my thesis to play out. i would be interested to hear what others think about this position thanks!
gme down 10% after buying 4,700 btc... but iv is juiced. gme just dropped the news that they bought 4,700 bitcoin today. no price disclosed, no explanation, just vibes. market didn’t love it and the stock dumped \~10% intraday (fake price action). but here’s the thing... iv is still super elevated and premiums are thick. **what we're seeing right now:** price: down 10% today net options sentiment: 95 (lots of bullish options flow leading into today) social sentiment: 88 (people are buzzing again) short pressure: 65 technical score: 50 (after today's drop, kind of just wobbling) this kind of setup is kinda ideal for collecting spicy premium. stock dumped, but people are still paying big bucks for protection or moonshot calls. chart - [prospero.ai]( **not saying what i’m doing, but general thought process:** selling csps a bit below current price = paid to maybe own gme cheaper covered calls if you’ve been holding = collect rent while it chops maybe even spreads if you wanna cap risk and still nibble on iv price action from the last week has iv jacked... let the iv cool off and premiums melt. **food for thought:** is gme’s bitcoin buy actually bullish long-term? anyone else think this might end in an iv crush once the hype fades?
$36 into $3000 bought this on a random callout i saw on monday afternoon, took a look at the chart and thought that it looked good. didn’t think too much and decided to get 3 contracts since i’ve used up all my bp from daytrading some spy contracts earlier. woke up this morning and got the biggest surprise i’ve ever found. caught the move of a lifetime. biggest % gain easily in my past couple years of trading. looking to make back some of the losses from my previous post. cutting down risk and focusing on consistency. gains like these really help though.
pov: you finally figured it out after trading for approximately 6 years i have come to realize a couple things. #1 if you’re looking to build up cash, trade spy/spx options, never hold overnight, and learn a strategy for entry/exits. #2 use that cash to invest in stocks you believe in for longterm investments #3 nobody can time a bottom or top. nobody else’s strategy will work for you. following someone else’s trades is a terrible idea #4 learn to feel the market and interpret the patterns, movements and directions of stocks in a way that makes sense to you. at the end of the day, timing with options are important, but realize that you can never fully time the best entry point so it’s okay to hold through some pain. #5 know an exit time and execute regardless of how you “feel” #6 never give up #7 wait til a trend is formed before placing a trade. i wait til after 0900-0930 typically. #8 don’t force anything. the trades will come, stick with the trend and stick to your rules. those are just words of advice i wish someone told me before i figured it out. i have reset my account a couple of times after becoming profitable, blown up a couple of accounts, learned hard expensive lessons, and really just felt stupid at times. but im finally making it. aim to make money regardless of the % or $ amount, don’t get greedy, don’t gamble. 90% of the stock market is controlling your fomo. also, don’t pay for any bs subscribing stock market discord scam. don’t listen to twitter gurus. listen and learn but don’t blindly follow. i use twitter(x) soley for news and information. never once have i followed a trade and been successful from someone on twitter. just my 2c. have a goodnight🤙
guy loses $116,600 after cboe busts his trade this guy had a call spread on spx. he closed it one leg at a time but the cboe busted his short close and he was on the hook for $116,600. it happened when the markets skyrocketed after trump announced the 90 day extension on tariffs. probably the market maker called the cboe and complained. [
vix has dropped. time to buy puts if you're bearish edit: i'm talking about puts on spy / qqq or other stocks, not on vix the market is up today, but check the vix. also, check the low volume on spy. it is struggling to go up. if you are bearish about all this long term, it may be time to buy some puts. personally, i feel this is a bull trap, and i bought spy 500p jun 20th expiry. do your own research, and play accordingly. good luck!
i'm making $500 per week with options with $100,000. am i most likely going to wipe out my account? i pick a deep otm put option, and i write 10 contracts for $0.50, i get $500 premium. i've been doing this since october 2024 and i never got assigned, there was only 2 times i had to roll, and 2 more times i had to get out at breakeven but no losses. so far it's been more than a half a year i've been doing this, and i keep it up it will be a 26% return on investment. can this go horribly wrong? my p&l is also my long-term investments combined, but these options have contributed a big chunk of my profits.
1 in 6 tastytrade customers go to zero tom sosnoff just dropped a stat in the compound interview that floored me: 16% of tastytrade customers blow up their accounts. think about that. almost 1 in 6 people who come in full of excitement... end up at zero. and it's only because of size. that's the one thing that kills even the geniuses in this business. this is exactly why you must trade small and always have a black swan hedge running in the background. most traders obsess over daily pnl, but the pros obsess over staying alive long enough to let compounding do its job. i can't stress this enough: you don't blow up because you're dumb. you blow up because you think you're invincible, and the market always punishes that. how many of you here are actually running a black swan hedge vs. just "trading small"?
bought 30k worth of qqq leaps 25m here. huge believer of lifecycle investing and using leverage while one is young. also, i was fortunate to get a job in the investment industry after graduating and learn a ton about derivatives and portfolio management. not there anymore, as i appreciate having work-life balance. i basically liquidated all my portfolio after trump's liberation day to go (almost) all in qqq leaps. i bought some of them on thursday while the market was down -15% from ath, and then i averaged down again on friday when the drawdown was -18%. i know it can go much lower, so i will continue adding to my position every month until december, doing kind of dca but with leaps. also, after holding them for 1 year i will roll them one year further. this way leaps just work as a stock-replacement strategy, but with huge leverage and without having to worry about expiration. i was too young to invest during the 2008 crash. i did not have money during the 2020 covid crash. this is my moment to take risks. everything sounds scary. guess what? companies will continue to innovate. tariffs will go away. technology will continue to disrupt the world and profit margins will expand again. by the way, i'm not worried about iv. it is extremely high for short-term options; not that much for leaps. also, a good thing about leaps is that you can't get margin called. positions: 1x qqq dec 18 2026 390 call 1x qqq dec 18 2026 430 call 1x qqq dec 18 2026 440 call 1x qqq dec 18 2026 460 call wish me luck. no risk, no gain. edit: i'm seeing some people saying that i'm early. the truth is that nobody knows. market timing does not work. holding for years does. that's why i'm planning to roll indefinitely. and if we do have a recession, this free fall has already priced in some of it, if not everything. the stock market is a machine of anticipating events before they actually happen, so waiting until we hit recession might be too late. also, iv is very high for short term options but leaps have not been affected that much. if stocks go up, iv is the last of my worries. and if i'm wrong, i accept it. i can take the risk now. i will not be able to take it after i get married and have kids in the next decade. now is the moment to do it.
trading options for a living tl;dr: trading options for a living works but looks a lot different than i, and likely you originally thought it would. big post - skip if you don’t feel like reading. ah the dream. trading options for a living. the reality is the dream looks incredibly different than the first illusion we all see. fast easy money, laptop powered travel trading, private jets etc. the reality as i’ve learned over the last 18 years of trading is you can make an incredible amount of money doing this. however, it’s just like any other job it requires a significant effort to do well. trading amplifies things as there’s no structure and you are your own boss. i’m writing this post to hopefully provide a dose of reality and context to ideally set a solid foundation for others to have a better shot at succeeding. below are a few misconceptions i had and how i would suggest thinking about them instead. 1. get really good at a strategy and use that to make money. this led to difficulties finding opportunities in market conditions that didn’t favor the strategy. the fix - i adopted a set of strategies that allow me to find opportunities in literally every market condition. i maintain a long beta position through covered strangles in index etfs (including leveraged etfs, not so much to make more risk but actually to maintain the same exposure but reduce capital outlay to permit scaling during drawdowns). i trade opportunistic directional ideas via ratio call and put diagonals (including the single legs). i trade volatility via straddles, strangles, & combos. through this, i access several risk premiums and all market direction combinations. 2. sell options for income. this is fine but mentally constraining for no reason at all. the reality is whatever makes money can be used for income. i have no idea why i was so set on selling options for income, it seemed to make so much sense - essentially paying yourself with credits but it truly is nonsensical. the credits we receive are tied to open positions that eventually need to reconcile. narrow thinking on my part. the fix - focus on trading approaches that you find success with, not colloquial perceptions of what an approach is. 3. need $10k this month? just make $10k! because most of us start off poor, we have a natural hand to mouth tendency. however, in trading for a living this is probably the worst possible idea on earth. what if you have a bad month? what if there’s a natural disaster and the power is out for a week? you have an accident? this approach leaves zero margin for error and a corresponding likelihood of success. the fix - robustness matters and will massively drive up probability of success. i saved 2 padded years of expenses before feeling comfortable trading for primary income. rather than needing to make this months money this month, i would spend this months money and then plus back up the reserve. this way, i would have 2 full years of expenses covered without doing anything. my idea was i should be able to figure just about anything out in that timeframe. now, as the accounts have grown, i don’t really track it this way anymore but in the beginning i found that approach really successful. so yes, trading options for your primary income is doable. yes you can travel the world. however, if you want it to actually work you need to treat it professionally, this includes the tremendous amount of effort to build the skillset. the overwhelming majority of traders love the idea of the benefits of being a professional trader but do not want to do much of the actual work - yet wonder why the failure rate is so high. trading for a living takes another shape than trading as a side hobby. do you have a written trading plan? do you have a trading log you audit regularly to optimize your performance? have you completed comprehensive financial roadmapping? are you actively and methodically testing strategy variations and researching new profit mechanisms? i fortunately found i’m obsessed and truly passionate about markets early on, so it overlapped well (just as other people are able to find their passion is any other job). if you are able to learn to love the process, even the ugly parts (which are often the most transformative) you will find the “work” is actually incredibly satisfying aside from the financial rewards. good luck out there.
betting on executive manipulation tomorrow yesterday's triumph of narrative over foundations taught me an important lesson about the market: it doesn't matter what reality says. so long as any piece of good news is expressed by a sufficiently loud mouth, the overall trend of the real economy is immaterial to the day-to-day swings of the market. it matters in the long-term, but not the short--and short is where the greatest risks/rewards live. tomorrow, jpm and wfc will announce their quarterly earnings, with eps and revenue *generally* expected by analysts to be favorable relative to q1 2024. everyone also expects remarks about tariffs being bad for the future, which will not matter because it's already common knowledge and has already been priced in. i fully expect a morning post from truthsocial's largest account during or before market opening. the post will exaggerate the strength of the financial system in light of these reports and urge everyone to invest in the economy; hints about impending trade deals with tariffed countries will also be present. this will send the bulls into a frenzy, which we should capitalize on with short-term calls on spy, jpm, wfc, and the tech giants. for spy specifically, i'll go just otm relative to where the market opens, which will certainly be higher than today's closing position. i don't know whether a stampede comparable to wednesday's will materialize, but i am fairly certain that bullish activity will happen. after the weekend passes, and the world sobers up a bit, the market will resume its rightfully bearish trend. that will be the time to apply puts on spy, again otm, though obviously longer-lived (say, a week). what do you guys think?
tsla insanity pays my bills owning tsla stock? too risky for me. trading tsla options? absolutely chaotic, but surprisingly profitable. i’ve been sticking to short calls and put spreads, here’s why i like it: * high volatility rn = juicy premiums. * musk never fails to deliver some bs, the public never fails to overreact i can't get enough of this (these results are per 10 contracts, while i usually trade 3-4. generally, sell delta is around 0.30, buy delta is 0.05). update: yes, these trades come from an alerts service. and? i still executed them with my own money, taking on the risk myself
no one knows anything... over the past two weeks : china increase tariffs, market went up. trump increased tariffs, market went up. rumours came out that trump might ease down on tariffs but hasn’t done anything, market went up 3 days passed and still no official deal or agreement with china, market went up. i bought puts thinking a fall is going to happen because no real agreement is made.. lost. tesla was supposed to crash, it didn’t.
the exact strategy i'd use if i had to start over with $5k. everything is noise including price. the only thing which matters is market direction. only buy leaps when fear and greed index tanks to 25 or below. (leaps with 70+ delta ideally of high beta companies.) only sell leaps when fear and greed index pushes 65-75. whether prices keep running afterwards it's all noise. the only thing which matters is participation in market direction. when vix spikes take positions. when vix floors sell positions. the hard part is being patient. the easy part is buying. the hard part is selling. waiting as market keeps pumping, feeling missing out because prices are moving. prices are actually irrelevant. underlying is simply a vehicle with greater or lesser returns of market participation. the goal is to participate in market booms, avoid market dumps, and actually compound gains. sold entire port two days ago now in sgov, awaiting gdp on 30th, tariff announcements and fomc meeting. if none of these events tank the market, i'll still sit out waiting for fear and greed index to tank. last 3 months locked in 90% return. am on the sidelines now awaiting fgi to dump to feel safe. what prices do is irrelevant. what matters is market participation, avoid the next dump, capture most of the run, and compound gains into good deals next cycle. the ticker, price action, everything is all noise. we need ticker with strong earning's report to serve as the underlying which will have strong relative strength vs the market or move more aggressively than the market when prices rebound. we want to buy when fear is running rampant, vix has spiked, so we get the best deals possible. then use leverage to buy max dates leaps awaiting market recovery. the hard part is selling knowing market will keep running more time. however, the goal is market participation during the right time periods, everything else is just noise. fear and greed index + max date leaps makes it a long term high win success rate compounding game.
uncomfortable truth of trading options for income big post and i suck at writing. proceed at your own risk. tl;dr: trading for income is widely misunderstood. you need more money than you think. you need to plan more realistically than you do. there isn’t an easy approach that always works and just needs 4 nanoseconds per week. you need enough experience and strategies to adapt to changing markets. all that nonsense aside, it’s otherwise pretty simple. you just need some basic adjustments to drastically increase viability. one of the neat aspects of options is they’re extremely flexible. we can build positions to accomplish a wide array of objectives. a common use cases is trading options for income. as widely discussed as it is, it’s incredible how much bad information there is regarding it. this post is to debunk some of these misconceptions to prevent improper planning and provide practical advice. i just wrapped my 18th year of trading, it’s how i initial built wealth and my primary income source. first, trading for “income” doesn’t mean selling premium. this is a common default since short premium strategies collect premium up front, this improperly gets lumped into income. the concept of trading for income is more about guiding methodology than approach. when someone is trading for income, this doesn’t necessarily mean they’re trading a specific strategy. it means they’re employing their portfolio to provide steady capital for withdrawal vs leaving the capital in for compounding. income trading deprioritizes maximum growth and prioritizes consistency in returns. the return methods are entirely up to the trader. example, if you like buying options for momentum breakouts and have a proven track record of doing so successfully, this can be an excellent income approach. as you’ll see in the next takeaway, having an approach that gives you space allows you to trade in whatever way is most reliable and consistent for you. this means you don’t need to default to higher probability short premium strategies. if you’re a better directional trader via long options, that’s fine. takeaway 1 - do not box your brain into thinking income trading is a specific type of strategy, it’s not. next is how we build a sustainable approach to generating income. a common misconception is if i need $500 this week that i should go trade and make the $500. this is doomed to fail. when trading for income, one of the most important elements is creating a buffer, imo a minimum of 1 year padded expenses (padded because people notoriously overestimate their competence and underestimate friction. in this context, it means lowballing how much we actually might need). if i want $15k per month, i’m not trying to make $15k this month to spend this month. it means there is at least $180k (+ taxes) plus the principal needed to continue generating the $15k/mo in the account. as i make my $15k, i’m simply topping off my $180k income principal baseline. this is essential because it reduces the overwhelming psychological games that enter when our ass is on the line. remember, spoon to mouth is never a good way to live. takeaway 2 - throw the idea of making the money as you need it as far out as you can, this is a near certain way to fail. finally is planning. one of your key jobs as a trader is remaining adaptable to markets. when you’re trading for income, it’s literally your (and your family’s) livelihood. having a truly robust approach is nonnegotiable. this requires a deep understanding of markets, path, and evolution of markets. it requires the ability to continually innovate your approach to maintain relevant edges. it also requires you realistically planning how much you want to make and how much you need. and yes, “do you think 40% per year is realistic so i can hit my timeline?” is a real question i’ve gotten and i regret to share no it isn’t (and santa isn’t real either). example, if your go to strategy was trading leverage post earnings announcement drift in large cap stocks - this worked well for decades. however, over the last 20 years, the trade has become crowded and produces significantly less alpha. if this was the only thing you do, you’re fucked. having several irons in the fire is important for robustness and longevity - this means maintaining multiple approaches, where some might even be suboptimal, but they provide important strategy diversification. we simply weight what is working the best. side note, premium selling approaches can work well but they’re often over simplified and misevaluated. they can fall into pieces if there’s a strong move against us, where extended durations of rolling options ties up money and at the end, we don’t have much to show for it wrt income. this doesn’t make selling premium for income bad, it simply must be considered and often isn’t because it includes an uncomfortable reality when we want easy simple answers. takeaway 3 - if you truly want to trade for a living, it won’t be accomplished with “this one simple strategy requires just 4 nanoseconds per week to generate $15k/mo income with no risk!” markets will show many different sides that require adaptations. you must plan conservatively if you want to actually have a chance. my trading approach from the onset was designed around consistency in annual returns (reducing drawdowns can significant drive up a cagr and compounding) so realistically it’s required very litle adjustment for me. for others, it might require retooling more aspects which the sooner you start considering, the better. trading isn’t easy but it’s worth it.
don't play the tylenol:autism trump/rfk bet like i did about 1 week ago, wsj reported that tylenol ceo ($kvue) had an emergency meeting with rfk jr. trying to get him not to publish their findings on possible connection of autism with tylenol (which was reported to drop this month). i felt rfk jr. would not change course so looked into how i could play this. turns out i was right about this as trump has just teased the announcement for today i believe? quick research found re: tylenoln/kenvue: * tylenol is only like 10% or so of kvue revenue * $kvue dropping 10% by end of month didn't look super juicy, only about a 1:2.5 rr from puts. * but i wasn't sure if it would actually drop an additional 10% since it had dropped a fair amount already. and a 5% drop would only generate a 33% gain. not enough for me to place a bet so then my big brain thinks, well if people stop using tylenol then what would they turn to instead?? advil right?? i do some quick research on advil. * it's owned by a company caled haleon ($hln) - it's an optionable ticker * advil makes up 60% of $hln sales * the calls have a high spread but the r:r looks gooooood. * i feel like a genius. * i buy * i do some post-purchase research to just confirm my trade/thesis was good and this is where i realize playing $hln calls was a mistake in case anybody else was having the same bright idea as me. 1. the report about tylenol is linking use of tylenol during pregnancy with autism in babies 2. advil already has issues with women using it in pregnancy soooooo not the slam dunk i thought it was. and yeah $hln has not been going up at all and large bid-ask spread made it very hard to exit my position. moral of the story: read a little deeper than the headlines.
greed taught me a very valuable lesson today. so i've been investing in stocks for almost 20 years and decided to learn about options. i started with $25k three months ago and i've consistently made $500 day that i trade on then quit out. it's 2% roi on my initial $25k every day i trade, which isn't every day. that's not much but it's adding up. i made a mistake today and blew up my account by trying to go for more. lesson learned to stop when you've met your goal. even if it's $5 or $100, take the win and shut it down. greed gets you nowhere. i'm basically back to my initial $25k but i'm still motivated and won't be taking any more risks like that. i'm fine with $500 each day i trade. edit: this gained more traction than i thought it would and i need to clerify a lot. i don't day trade every day, only on days i'm confidenet that i can get in and out with $500. my stratagie is to buy 10 well itm weekly calls on spy or qqq on a monday or tuesday. i usually go in wtih about $15,000. it literally takes less than a minute to make $500 (sometimes quite a bit more). then i sell the contract and i'm out. this is money i am comfortable losing, it's not a my main account just my options trial account.
people like this need to be banned immediately brother is claiming that he made 9k->40k in one month. i did the math, he would have to make 4 bps per trade, trading at 10 trades per day for 30 days. since he’s trading iron condors and iron butterflies, unless he’s paying margin in which case he needs to make even more than 5 bps, he’s claiming he’s risking all of his money to make 4 cents per 9k he risks. then he reinvests all the profits (not possible since he’s only pulling 4 cents per trade) on ever trade. with 9k starting, his spread on each leg needs to be 9 or less points, severely limiting profits. if we assume he has a 90% win rate, and each loss only losses 1% of his value, he needs to be making more like 12bps per trade. he’s trading 0dte and 1dte ic and ib. how would you ever hope to capture this kind of profit?
$750-$9000 on 5 spy trades mon-friday i put $750 in webull on monday (debit card deposit) just to trade spy this week, trading strictly off news, momentum, fomc meeting and powell speaking. i made 1 trade a day in and out within an hour or so although i did hold one swing overnight. i came into this willing to lose the $750 and had no emotions over the initial investment. i turned $750 into just under $9000 though i know it was pure luck/timing and the way spy fluctuated last week. this is not a trading strategy just more speculative on trading the news. trades posted in 2nd photo. aloha 🤙
tsla calls finally hit – not rich, but no longer poor bought some tsla calls because: 1. it felt right. 2. elon had been suspiciously quiet. 3. i needed some spice in my portfolio. held longer than i should have, but it printed. not a life-changer, but enough to upgrade dinner from ramen to steak. 🥩 did i understand the greeks? not really. would i do it again? probably. am i smarter now? unlikely. options: tsla [strike]c [expiration] next move: watching from the sidelines and pretending i’m disciplined. thanks for the tendies, elon. see you on mars
$path down 20% and this $500k put trade could potentially 2x tomorrow, potentially insider info. i saw this trade hit the tape this morning and decided to ape into the p9.5 for poops and laughs. [weird.]( **the trade** this trader placed a $500k outlay on $path on very deep otm options, grossly exceeding oi. this far out, this close to expiry, is highly suggestive of strong conviction a specific direction, in pelosi-esque style. [high conviction \/ trader was probably not uncertain]( **fact checking myself.** i stated on the record that [regardless of the outcome i was going to debrief this.]( if in the case i was wrong, this would have been a good lesson on how trades like this could be false positives – i.e., this could have been a hedge on a massive long position. also, iv was super high so if this didn’t move parabolic, iv crush would have wiped a lot of these positions out. [everyone and their mom was basically short this thing]( **having said that, it looks like this played out favorably, for now.** earnings are out (conference call still pending), and $path is down 20% **so far.** i don’t think i’ve seen something re-correct by this order of magnitude overnight, so i’m of the opinion that the upcoming conference call won’t save the price action here. very likely this opens sub-10. guess we’ll see. [down bigly]( doing the back of the envelope math – this trade needs to hit $10.02 to break even. $9.5 would be a relative 2x. $9.30 gives me a 2x. still too early to call. **core hypothesis:** this screams someone front-running the action. something of this size is not normal. i suspect this will play out favorably for this specific outlay. will watch to end the week. interesting stuff, regardless. feels very "someone always knows something"-y. thoughts?
someone sold a 4/17 tsla $440 put today for $15 million premium - isn't that a guaranteed loss? or maybe its part of some sort of more complex option strategy? my understanding is this person would be on the hook to buy tesla shares for $440 at expiration on 4/17 when the stock is currently at $254. why would someone make this trade?
i really give up with options monday puts wasted because trump exempted phones, computers, etc., so the entire s&p/nasdaq will probably rocket to the moon. meanwhile, my friday calls got burned to ashes. this isn't investing—i hate to say it, but it's truly "dumber than a sack of bricks," as elon pointed out.
this market is a clown circus. this market is a clown circus excuse for a market. manipulation at every corner. blatant signs being ignored. and it gets worse every single day. shoutout to my brothers who’re trying to trade through this mess. it is absolutely ridiculous.
trading for primary income - monthly ama hey everyone, i mentioned trying to host a monthly ama to specifically help newer traders as best as i can. i understand how brutal online communities can be (this isn't all bad btw, that brutality is needed and forces people to at least moderately think about things). **for context on who i am**, my name is erik. i'm a marine vet and options trading is my primary income source. i started trading in 2007 while in high school and wrapped up my 18th full year of trading last year. i maintain just over a 30% cagr for that timeframe, with my last two years being anomalies. 2023 was hands down my best year ever. removing these two data points, my cagr is mid 20%'s. i've had two negative years, my first two trading, both were single digits. [my risk management lead]( i've never prioritized maximizing my returns and instead focused on achieving consistent returns. i grew up with a single, low income single mother who was a occupational therapist contractor for mentally handicapped kids, in a public school district. we always struggled with money and i knew my mom didn't have a retirement plan so i felt i needed to figure out a way to help. i became absolutely engrossed with trading and have easily spent over 35,000 hours on the skill set over my trading career. i have an obsessive personality and was fortunately able to direct it to something constructive. i built my original trading principal from working. i focused on jobs that paid by the job vs by the hour so i could work quickly and take more work. i split wood, moved shale, sold christmas trees, maintained a bowling alley, etc. i scaled as my capital grew, during college (i earned a marine corps scholarship, no change i would've afforded it otherwise) i bought broken cars, fixed, and sold them. flipped motorcycles, etc. in my mid-20's i got into residential real estate. late 20's i spread into commercial real estate. i'm currently 33 (turn 34 next month). i view wealth development as (3) key levers: savings rate (as a percent of income), investing, and income growth. we cannot purely save our way to wealth. we need to compound and the fastest way to accelerate compounding is to feed it more capital. in the beginning, our savings rate matters far more than our returns. then, as the account scales, our returns matter far more than additional savings. most of us get into trading thinking it will be fast easy money - this is the polar opposite of reality. however, trading for primary income is entirely achievable for those willing to put in the effort. **why i do this.** there are two primary reasons why i do this. the first stems from a deep gratitude i feel for a high school jrotc instructor who introduced me to the concept of investing. it's because of him, that i went to the library to learn about investing. it's because of him i quickly spread into derivatives. it's because of him i was able to retire my mother and ensure i was in a position to not just take care of her but enjoy a comfortable life. without him and the knowledge he shared with me, i would be on literally, an entirely different trajectory. the second stems from my passion for teaching and helping other people. growing up with limited and unreliable presence from my dad, family friends used to take my brother and i to do things. it's through this exposure to my family and family friends that i learned to appreciate how incredible of an opportunity it is to "be raised by a village". i learned to learn from everyone and feel we all should adopt this general approach to help others where possible. **i've made a series of posts in the community to help others create their own way. i will link to several of them below for your reference and to try and make the ama productive vs repeating things i've already shared.** 1. **trading options for a living** 1. provides a high level overview of my trading approach 2. [ 2. **stop wandering aimlessly** 1. offers a general learning syllabus for new options traders 2. [ 3. **failure rate of options traders - 3 causes** 1. summarizes the common sources of trader failure i've observed over my time trading 2. [ looking forward to a fun conversation and hope i can share some useful information. >hey everyone! spent a little longer than expected but tried to give genuine answers that go beyond the superficial simple responses. i'm trying to do one of these per month so i will plan to do another next and am happy to help however i can. > >enjoy the weekend!
i should quit my job and do this full time... right guys? i admit it. i’m way too emotional for this world. yeah it’s okay because it’s “play money”, but i should just go to thailand instead of watching a screen. it’s way more fun. really though. feel free to roast me. every position i have right now is calls and they are all down 1-7% after hours right now. just started options after about 4 years of holding bags only. i can’t really be mad right because i’m up. but i like the gamble. i work during trading hours and i had about 50 different positions set up. lol. here’s what i learned in the last month of trading: 1. read the news. i’m subscribed to multiple trading publications now and check news at 5am before work. 2. set your stop losses when you enter the position. small loss, big wins. 3. don’t have 50 positions open. like i’m so dumb. even if you could rapid fire close them you won’t time it right. (like i said no stop losses were set) questions: how many positions do you have at one time? should i just study one sector and do a single position a day? i’m trying to aim at $400/day profit.
do not pay for invest with correy options trading course. i got my money back. do not sign up with invest with corey options trading course. he will ask for large sums of money and give little to no value. he and his team will make false promises of 10x returns, 5-10%+ returns and $10k-$20k monthly of guaranteed income when you join. he is a complete liar about his past experience in trading options. he claims to have years of experience in trading without proof. may also be lying to have a bachelors degree in finance. because he had a previous business called "faymus media" and other money makers that failed in the past. he also claimed to go to full sail university, which he never went to. also, correy is likely in the usa illegally. correy will ingnore typical refund requests. but when i threaten to report invest with corey and whop to the ftc, ic3, ice and to the local and new jersey state attorney general through sending emails to their support. i got a call from someone from corey's team days later saying they will agree to refund. it will take a few days to process. i did get my money back. the support will use fake names like "rosh japzon" the one i saw in the support email of the refund. the fact that correy's team gave in when threatening to report and give my money back shows they can get in trouble for what they are doing. the bad thing about correy is he is so good at covering it up and looking sucessful with his stock picks on youtube. that is how people get lured into joining his options trading course. do not sign up with corey.
first and last time doing puts bro started trading 3 months ago and got some bread then lost more. decided yesterday to buy a put on apple stock for a strike price of 171 hit overnight, then market open it dropped and the china retaliated, got some back and was waiting for more. then out of no way he pause tariffs on every one except china lost the whole put.
for all the traders consistently losing in this market i keep seeing so many loss posts here, so here are a few things inexperienced traders need to keep in mind trading this volatile market. there was a recent article that big banks like goldman sachs have trading teams that are raking in massive profits this quarter from retail traders like you. you’re literally going up against hedge funds, market makers, and seasoned pros that know how to trap you, scare you, make you feel fomo, and take your hard-earned money. as someone in the comments said, there are quants with access to order flow data and operating at a higher level that retail traders are not. anyone who trades on pure instinct and emotion is going to get destroyed in this market. you have to be a good technical trader like the pros. the only way is to study charts and learn from smart traders. there’s a ton of free knowledge/analysis on x (i recommend following ripster47, kobeissiletter, masterpandawu, trendspider, cheddarflow, spotgamma, mr_derivatives, and so many others). this market has been very lucrative for technical traders with good fundamentals. people consistently losing might think the orange man and his cabinet are screwing up their amazing trades, but it’s no coincidence that most of the time, news catalysts come out at key areas where price can reject or continue a trend. if you can spot an opportunity to enter a trade, the news catalysts just initiates the potential move that you had already spotted. one of the biggest skills you need is to master support and resistance levels, then you’ll know when to take profit or to enter a trade or cut a losing trade (always keep your losers small). for example, look at today’s price action. the rally topped out at around 5460 on spx. look at that level from the past month - do you see how many times it’s rejected that area?? when it didn’t break through, you should’ve known that there was a good chance it was going to reverse again. and then look at the midday bounce from the lows today at around 1pm et. spx 5412 was another huge level that had to be reclaimed to go higher if you were bullish today. but it stopped literally right below it. once it rejected, you should’ve known there’d be a lot more downside. experienced day traders all made great money on shorting both those levels. too many retail traders right now want to get rich by being lazy and yoloing blindly. you might get lucky a few times, but your massive losses will probably outweigh any lucky wins. you need a system and good risk management. if you don’t have one and you get lucky, then walk away and wait for the next amazing opportunity to get lucky. i was once one of those traders and i got my ass handed to me in 2022 and lost all my lucky gains from the year before. good luck on your journey to getting good at this shit. disclaimer: my main career is completely different and trading is just a hobby that i’ve turned into a good source of income by putting in the hard work. so i’m not an expert at this, just trying to help people who are getting started.
jeremy grantham warns us stocks are about to be crushed well worth the listen even if you think he is a permabear. available on apple or spotify podcasts if you don't have a bloomberg account, search for *merryn talks money*. [
first week of options been investing for a few years but always been afraid of options because of wall street bets and people that think they know better than me swearing to stay away from them. i have an economics and business degree and do my due diligence and research before investing in my stocks. last sunday, i randomly got my adhd burst at about midnight and decided to just research everything i could about options. began the week running covered calls on nvda, yeti, and open. then made some long calls on lesl and yeti. big supporter of yeti and own a pool maintenance company so i’m very familiar with leslie’s. closed out my yeti calls today and lesl movement has helped my call options there but decided i’d keep them open since movement has been mostly upward this week. 1 strategy for lesl is already itm since i purchased monday when it was under 50 cents. feeling excited for what’s to come this year as i turn 30 in september. obviously, i expect a market crash in the near future so i’m not making a habit of playing options consistently nor making huge gambles. i’m a teacher and hate my life so i’m hoping to make solid gains to switch careers after this school year.
seasoned trader -10 day plan no discord. no sales pitch. no dms.if you’ve got questions, ask them here so everyone can learn. if you’re serious, you’ll show it. please no direct messages. i will not accept them do the checklist items for 10 days. i’m not here to teach options. i don’t have recommends if you’re still buying 0 dte after 12 pm, you’re gambling, not trading. be disciplined – switch to 1 dte. it’s a smarter, more sustainable move. protect your capital like a pro. for the serious ones – **here’s a simple 10-day challenge to sharpen you up:** **9:00 am** – mark your pre-market levels on es & nq. do the same on the **magnificent 7** (aapl, msft, nvda, amzn, meta, tsla, googl). start with the **daily**, move to the **4-hour**, and finish with at least the **30-minute**. mark yesterday's high, low **9:30 am** – step away. grab a coffee and take a walk. clear your head. **10:00 am** – close your eyes for 15 minutes and visualize your ideal trading day. **10:15 am** – if your morning was smooth (no drama with family or partner), move forward. **10:15 am – step 2:** update your pivot levels. **10:30 am – 11:30 am** – trade. max of 2 trades. no more. **do this for 10 straight days.** if you follow this and still aren’t seeing progress, message here now, let’s be real – **what are the bad habits holding you back?** post them below. if you can’t admit them, don’t expect to change them. **friday, march 21 – homework for weekend – listen to or purchase “best loser wins: why normal thinking never wins the trading game”**
new cboe data shows a rise in retail algorithms trading 0dte options! cboe posted a chart recently showcasing the rise of retail algorithmic trading. i think this is fundamentally reshaping options market microstructure, as evidenced by the distinctive volume spikes at predictable intervals throughout the trading day. cboe data reveals clear patterns of non-institutional volume clustering around 10 am, 2 pm, and other key times, which is a telltale sign of basic retail algorithms executing predetermined strategies. my gut says this seems like simple time-based algorithms, momentum chasers, and basic mean reversion bots that retail traders can now access through platforms like python libraries and simplified trading apis. the concentration of this activity likely creates new intraday volatility patterns that experienced options traders can anticipate and exploit. from a more technical perspective, the algorithms may lack the sophistication to account for complex greeks interactions, potentially buying high iv options during panic periods and selling during consolidation phases. weirdly, this may create opportunities for manual traders who understand gamma exposure and can position against these predictable flows. however, it also introduces new risks. the speed of execution means that traditional support and resistance levels can be blown through faster than human traders can react, and the clustering effect means that when these retail algos all trigger simultaneously, they can create flash moves that catch even experienced traders off-guard. i won't be surprised to see market makers adapt by widening spreads during these predictable volume windows. what are your thoughts?
spy deep longs – $30k to $304k, q4 ahead started april 8 with $30,000 in far-out calls-tariffs crashing spy, everyone short. i bought. four rolls later, just flipped the $720s for $325,100 and parked it all in 1640 $770 mar '31 at $1.98. now? spot $670, strike $770-100 out. but by dec 31, if the s&p 500 parallels to 1998 and 2024, when the federal reserve cut interest rates in september and the index rose an average of 13.8% in the final three months of the year - spy hits $761. strike sits $9 out. proxy says $16.24. that's $2.67 million. seasonals? since 1950: median 4.9% gain, 81% winners. fed's dovish, nvidia's dropping $100b into openai buildout-real gpus, real spend. upside clears $761, but i bank at year-end. position: 1640 spy $770 mar 31 | $1.98 avg | sell jan 2, 2025 |
my chatgpt prompts for dd and options strategies i had a bunch of people message/comment on my last post asking for info on the prompts i use for options trading. here are the main ones i use for dd. the options specific prompt is still experimental but it gives pretty good information if you feed it the right updated data. feel free to add any other indicators or details you'd like to see. remember these are simple tools to help you, this is not investment advice. investment dd analysis: act as an investor with 50 years of experience. provide a comprehensive analysis of stock. this should include a thorough evaluation of the company's financial health, its competitive position in the industry, and any macroeconomic factors that could impact its performance. the analysis should also include an assessment of the stock's valuation, taking into account its projected earnings growth and other key financial metrics. breakdown the stocks intrinsic value and expected price targets. provide details about any potential catalyst factors for growth or depreciation within the next 2 years. identify trump administration proposals that may affect the stock. based on your analysis, provide a recommendation on whether to buy, hold, or sell the stock. your analysis should be backed with supporting data and reasoning. options strategy suggestions: act as an investor with 50 years of experience. provide a comprehensive market trend analysis of stock based on the data provided below. make hypothetical suggestions for options strategies with the highest percentage win chance calculated based on the data provided and potential real world catalyst factors. give exact strike prices, timelines, call or put. current share price: $17.90 1 day chart: 10 day ma is $17.90 50 day ma is $18.25 200 day ma is $18.75 rsi: 30 3 month chart: 10 day ma is $18.80 50 day ma is $12.25 200 day ma is $8.30 rsi: 59
pepsico just hit one of the highest dividend yields in its history and high iv rank i normally don't post about individual stocks, but pepsico ($pep) caught my attention. right now: * dividend yield is around **4.06%**, one of the highest in the company's history * stock has pulled back from \~$190 to \~$130 * 53 straight years of dividend increases * fundamentals are still solid, no obvious collapse in the business for options traders, it gets even more interesting: * **iv rank is 34.5**, which makes options premiums elevated, * this could be a good setup for selling cash-secured puts, or even running the wheel strategy if you want to build a position. i'm sketching out a few trade ideas now, but curious how are others approaching it? would you consider starting a wheel on pep here, selling puts aggressively, or would you stay away given the broader market risks?
i'm curious who came up with 100 shares as 1 contract? for those that don't have sufficient funds to buy 100 shares, why don't they make different increments like 25, 50, etc per contract. i'm just curious because i don't want to plant enough funds to do cash - secure puts or calls for certain stocks that i don't mind buying into.
lost 40k in 2 months – looking for guidance to rebuild i started trading with $80k and lost $40k in just two months. here’s how it went down: • in december, i got caught up in the tesla bull run hype and assumed january would take it to the moon. ended up losing almost $25k on tesla options. • after that, i tried to be more cautious, but still had some small miscellaneous losses. • then i discovered spy 0dte options and made the dumb assumption that if i buy 100 contracts, a $0.10 increase in premium would net me $1k. sounded simple, right? • every time i entered a trade, it felt like the market instantly moved against me. i’d put in $10k to try and make $1k, only to lose $5k-$6k instead. clearly, my risk management was terrible. now, i’m down $40k, which was about 75% of my savings over the past three years. i’m devastated, but not completely broke. i transferred $10k back to my checking account to remove the temptation of revenge trading and left myself with $3k in robinhood, hoping to build it up slowly and properly this time. the truth is, i never had a real strategy—just got influenced by tons of youtube videos and jumped in blindly. i was basically gambling. i want to change that. i want to develop the right mindset, risk management, and a solid trading strategy. if anyone here has gone through something similar and turned things around, i’d really appreciate your insights, tips, or even just some motivation. thanks in advance!
changed up my technique recently and had great success a couple years ago i lost roughly 90% of my options trades. this past month i've got a 100% win rate. i'm aware we're in a bull market so this probably isn't as impressive but here's some important things i learned/did different. 1. market trend analysis: i learned how to identify reversals and buy calls/puts accordingly. rsi is my favorite tool to use. 2. strike price selection: there's a reason further out of the money options are cheap, it's because your chance of profit is considerably lower. buy in the money or as close as you can afford to in the money options as you can to protect yourself from losses. time is your best friend with options, giving yourself further expirations will give you more time to recover from short term price drops. that being said, i did gamble on a few 0dte's just to see if i was analyzing trends right and it worked in my favor. 3. research: i use chatgpt for all my market research. all i do is copy paste some prompts i made and change the ticker symbol and it pulls all the financial data, intrinsic value calculation, catalyst factors for growth, and it even gives me a buy, hold, or sell rating. for example; i learned about mesoblast's (meso) drug going through fda approval from chatgpt. i had it give me information on the subject until i felt confident that they would get approved and i had an understanding of the timeline. 4. taking gains: i watch the market trends and constantly check to see if i'm at the top. i don't really look at the profit anymore, i just focus on the timing of the trade. if i believe there's room for more growth and i have more time until expiration, i'll sell some contracts and hold the rest. i hope this information helps everyone. i'm no expert by any means, but i learned from my past mistakes and wanted to share with you.
saw the market was up 3% this morning so i bought spy puts! bought a 0 dte 520p, now up 470%, and a 6 dte 501p, up 185%. set trailing stops so i can get out if it changes direction too much.
spy predictions for 3/21 – $4.5 trillion in options expiring – reddit due diligence llc to everyone holding deep otm spy calls (or puts), buckle up—tomorrow is shaping up to be absolute mania. on **friday, march 21, 2025**, we’re looking at a **massive triple witching event** with over **$4.5 trillion** in options and futures contracts expiring. the sheer size of this expiry could lead to wild swings in both directions as institutions and market makers reposition. # what to expect: **volatility overload** – expect sharp price moves as large positions roll off. **max pain magnet?** – the max pain level might act as a price target before expiration. # my game plan: i’m holding some **spy $570 calls** that have been getting cooked, so i’m looking to **unload into any rip** tomorrow and recover some losses. if the market tanks and my puts print, i'll be booking a weeklong beachfront villa vacation in bali starting saturday 3/22. i think spy will stay sideways (with massive up and down swings canceling out) through 1pm et tomorrow and have significant downtrend going into the final 3 hours of the trading day as the clock winds down to expiration. perhaps a $555 - $558 close price tomorrow at end of day. this is purely my own speculation. # what’s everyone’s plan? are you playing this with calls, puts, or just sitting out and watching the chaos unfold? let’s figure out how to navigate this madness. [a $4.5 trillion triple-witching gives investors yet another test]( *(not financial advice, just a discussion!)*
a quick, technical explanation of the "taco" trade the "taco" trade ("trump always chickens out") represents a systematic volatility pattern that creates predictable option pricing inefficiencies. the initial tariff announcement typically drives the vix up 15-25% within an hour, causing massive iv expansion across all strikes, particularly in near-dated options. put options see delta acceleration due to increased gamma exposure near atm strikes, while call premiums get crushed by both directional movement and vega exposure. the subsequent policy reversal creates the opposite effect: vix compression, iv crush on puts, and explosive gamma-driven rallies that benefit call holders who survive the initial theta decay. this pattern creates specific technical opportunities for options traders. 1. long volatility positions (straddles/strangles) benefit from the initial iv spike but must be closed before the reversal to avoid vega collapse. 2. short-dated puts experience extreme gamma risk during the announcement phase, as delta can move from 0.30 to 0.70+ within minutes on atm strikes. 3. the reversal phase often triggers massive gamma squeezes in calls as market makers hedge their short positions, creating explosive upside moves that far exceed what the underlying fundamentals would suggest. 4. theta decay accelerates during these high-iv periods, making timing more critical than directional accuracy. positions that are theoretically correct can still lose money if held through multiple policy cycles using moderately-dated options.
psa: if you see a high gain post and op saying dm them if you need help, it's a scam do not dm them. there has been a growing number of these lately. where are the mods here?
todays reversal was absolutely ridiculous one minute we had the all clear sign. nvda saved the market. then we reversed hard. but the reversal waited long enough to happen to allow us to adjust some losing positions so we could get double screwed by the drop after getting screwed by the overly sharp initial rise. this shouldn't be this hard.
0dte spy call backtest results actually surprising someone recently asked if its worthwhile to buy cheap $3 otm 0dte spy calls that cost $20–$30 in the morning/when the best time to do so would be. i put together a backtest with historical minutely options data for 0dtes for the month of july and the results were actually kind of interesting. i ran a grid search strategy. each day, i simulated buying one 0dte spy call with varying otm levels ($0 to $4), at five different entry times: 9:30, 9:45, 10:00, 10:15, and 10:30am. i tested take-profit and stop-loss combos from 10% to 100%, and used trailing stops as well. the goal was to find what combination gave the best median return and win rate (note median because you can have outsized gains esp when you don't have a take profit). yes i know this is overfitting, but it could actually prove to be useful data mining and maybe spur more digging (lmk if there are any suggestions to add, would be happy) the sweet spot was buying $2 otm calls at 9:45am, with a take profit of +60% and stop loss of -60%. over all 18 trading days in july, this setup returned a median gain of 62.8%, with a 61.11% win rate. average entry price was about $0.50 per contract. this seems a bit too good to be true, and an important caveat is that we did have a remarkably strong july. so i ran it on april of this year as vix was much higher, and spy took a huge hit in the first half of the month april results were interesting: $4otm at 10:30am seemed to offer the best return/win rate combo. this suggests to me that perhaps in a higher vol setting it may make sense to hold off a bit from the morning, and buy farther otm - happy to hear thoughts around this. attached is a cumulative return plot showing the cumulative return of the chosen strikes (which were $2 out of the money at 9:45am) and a box-and-whisker plot showing return distributions grouped by dollars otm. you can see $2 otm generally offered the best skew, not too expensive, but still with enough gamma juice to print when spy moved caveats: this is a simplified test. it doesn't include commissions, bid/ask spreads, slippage, or some other important factors. and obviously, past performance is no guarantee of anything, this is just a data dive i ran out of curiosity, not a trading recommendation. but i hope it gives a useful sense of what might actually work for those “fun” lotto-style trades people are always curious about. happy to answer any questions, hear your feedback or rerun with different assumptions.
following my rules saved me today relatively newbish, started into options a few weeks ago. like many noobs, lost like $3k on gambling plays when first starting out. just guessing. started trying to take it more serious since last wednesday, been green every day since, slow and steady. however, i’ve been getting lucky by holding some trades longer than my mental stop loss and they rebounded so i could end in profit. told myself all week that i need to stick to a 20% loss, no matter what. thought i had a good entry today. got in too early after open and i’m instantly down $300. temptation was really hard with all the rationalizing, eg ‘just hold for a little longer and it’ll turn around’, ‘flex to 40%’. but i figured i need to be disciplined with these small amounts otherwise i’d never be disciplined when i got to the big numbers. so i sold and took the $300 loss. sat out for like 20 minutes. just processing it. pretty bad entry. and then used the remaining buying power i had after i reset to see if i could make it back. was careful and took profits early. little by little. had to win 7 trades in a row but we ended the day +$8, and i’m happy with that. i’m very glad i sold when i did, even if it hurt. i’m very much a noob but even i have recognized that discipline is the name of the game. figured it might help someone cut their losses even if they don’t want to.
selling my house, car, dog, and grandma to buy more spy calls tomorrow. am i stupid? i’ve been keeping an eye on the tech giants’ massive $320 billion investment plans for ai and data centers this year, with a big chunk likely heading nvidia’s way. nvidia’s q4 earnings are dropping tomorrow, and analysts are buzzing about a 73% revenue jump to $38.2 billion. given nvidia’s clout, i figured this would give the spy etf a nice boost. but here’s the kicker: despite all this good news, there’s a lot of bearish chatter about spy for thursday. as someone still getting the hang of this, i’m scratching my head. what’s driving the pessimism when nvidia seems to be on fire? would love to hear your thoughts and learn more about what’s going on. i get the whole deepseek scare but that’s not bringing this company down so why is everyone so bearish? i’m all in on spy calls tmrw unless someone talks me out of it edit: my dog is my best friend and my grandma is my second best friend (and makes insane food). neither are for sale and each of my plays are typically 1-5% of my liquid capital. i spoke in hyperbole to get the attention of all of you brilliant ladies and gentlemen so that i might learn from you. alas, i’m surprised at the genuine concern for my two best friends. you’d think you can get away with a little exaggeration on the internet... regardless, i appreciate everyone’s input and have learned a lot.
losses that haunt me — options trading wiped out my savings. who else? i don’t even know how to start this. i’m 42 , ex-banker, and pretty good with money — or so i thought. i got into options trading during the pandemic. what started as something casual turned into a daily obsession. i told myself i was being “strategic,” but i was really just chasing dopamine and losses. fast forward to now — i’ve lost over ₹88,00,000 in 2 years. it didn’t happen all at once. small losses turned into bigger ones. a few wins gave me false confidence. i kept adding capital, promising myself i’d “make it back.” i ignored red flags, hid it from my family, and convinced myself i was one trade away from fixing it all. it’s not just about the money. it’s the guilt. the shame. the sheer amount of mental energy i spent staring at charts, greeks, and expiry dates... and for what? i’m writing this because i feel like i’m drowning in silence. everyone talks about their wins. very few talk about the wreckage. i want to hear from you — if you’ve lost money trading options (a little or a lot), can you share your story? even anonymously. just so more people know they’re not alone. if you’ve ever lost big trading — whether it was options, futures, or just bad timing — drop a comment. how much did you lose? what did you learn? how are you coping? let’s make this a thread for real stories
meta $128k loss this was definitely my most regarded trade to date (went way too big and way too short-dated obviously) but to be slightly fair to myself, that "tax hit" was ridiculous and unexpected. the market reaction was swift and immediate as soon as the market closed, way before the earnings call even actually started. indicating it the drop was pretty much entirely due to the reported $1.05 eps despite the claims i've seen others try to make that it wasn't. however, the way li and zuckerberg handled explaining meta's increased capex spend as if they are newly wed couple buying a big house that "they will grow into" when they have kids without ever effing explaining how all this ai bs will make them money in any very convincing manner did not help things and ensured the stock would keep falling. no tears in the casino but this scared me off from "betting" on amazon today and frankly probably going to go back to avoiding playing earnings calls all together. just a completely unnecessary risk. on related note, does anyone have a wendy's application?
i'm picking up google (goog) ahead of apple's wwdc — big ai news incoming i'm buying google stock ahead of apple's wwdc on june 9, betting there's a big ai announcement coming. google looks undervalued right now, about 17% off its recent highs despite posting strong earnings growth (+36% yoy). with a relatively cheap p/e of around 19, it feels like a good time to step in. the real kicker: there's credible buzz that apple might announce a partnership integrating google's gemini ai into ios. even google's ceo sundar pichai has hinted at something big potentially coming by mid-2025. if true, that could drive google shares sharply higher. i'm planning to enter around $168–$172, targeting roughly $190 if the announcement hits. if nothing happens or the rumor fizzles, i'll limit my downside and exit if shares slip below $160.
institutional options hedging surging as sentiment hits zero been digging into some options data lately and noticed something that might be flying under the radar. there’s a tool called prospero that tracks net options sentiment—a metric that aggregates how bullish or bearish institutional flows are across thousands of stocks and etfs—and lately, a lot of bearish sentiment has been showing up. over the past few weeks, institutional risk appetite has basically [fallen off a cliff]( options sentiment may have actually flagged the shift before the market dipped. net options sentiment has essentially flatlined, dropping to zero, which suggests there’s little to no institutional appetite for upside plays at the moment. when sentiment hits that kind of extreme, it can sometimes be a signal that the market is entering the early stages of a longer bear move. not guaranteed, of course, but historically, this kind of setup has shown up before things start to unravel. so what’s driving this? after a significant drop in equities recently (spy and qqq both took a hit), there appears to be aggressive downside hedging by institutions. a big surge in puts is showing up well below current market levels, with almost no demand for calls above. that combo—heavy downside protection and light upside speculation—is a textbook sign of caution, if not outright fear. meanwhile, the headlines are mixed. jpm is saying “[the worst is over,]( and some are calling for a short-term bounce. but the underlying sentiment data—especially from options markets, which tend to move ahead of the headlines—tells a different story. for context: prospero ranks over 2,000 stocks and etfs on this sentiment scale. spy is currently sitting in the most bearish percentile, which historically hasn’t been a great sign. that kind of positioning tends to show up when the smart money is bracing for more pain. curious if others are seeing similar sentiment shifts—whether from vix flow, dark pool activity, or even just price action. is this the bottom, or more pain ahead?
if you're thinking of buying puts, wait i posted this few days back, and it turned out to be the right call (pun intended). just a note of caution, now the vix is back up, put premiums are expensive. i would not suggest buying puts (on spy /qqq or any individual stocks) at this time. wait for a 'bull trap'. edit: (4/22) this may be the bull trap / dead cat bounce. watch for a reversal, and then buy the put. >[vix has dropped. time to buy puts if you're bearish]( by [u/new-ad-9629]( in [options](
s&p futures down 2% rip to credit put spread traders if they opened an over-the-weekend position (me) edit: there might be hop(ium) "trump says to hold talks tomorrow with canada and mexico on tariffs"
i built a script to get the best covered call combination at any time for all stocks what the title says. i spent some time as an options trader at a prop firm and we were using similar tool to optimize certain strategies we wanted to take. built this for myself in my free time. at a high level, it chooses a particular expiration date (5/30/2025 in the example above) and gets the option chain in real time using schwab's api for all stocks in the s&p 500, then calculates the potential payoff and risk profile for all the contracts in the option chain. i used it this week to sell a cc on nvda, but in the example above you can can see that i can sort it by annualized premium, downside protection, etc. and choose the one that i want. for the above calls i filtered by annualized premium above 50% and downside protection above 5% enjoyed making this and curious to hear your thoughts/suggestions what i can add to make it more robust. i currently am thinking to get like an "optimal roll" for the position i am in.
i analyzed over 5000 "option flow" trades so you don't need to waste money on the scammy services i am really sick of people shilling option flow services as though they mean anything. actually, they do mean something, but these people are not there to guide you but to take your money by blasting thousands of trades at you every day, leaving you confused and not knowing what hit you, let alone how you can use the information to make money with it. i took more than 5400 call option trades from 2024, from 3 random m-w-f in each of the months, and i analyzed them with a single question in mind: do these trades carry information that is private to the trader and is not yet reflected in the stock price, and if so, how often do these call options end up in the money and or profitable at expiration? here is a breakout by delta, and you can see that the win percentage underperforms delta by a little but it tracks pretty closely. the main point being - only 27% of these trades are winners and a whopping 63% are losing trades. here is a breakout that is similar to delta but is my moneyness, i.e. the relationship of the stock price at the time of the trade to the option strike: and finally, here is a breakout by trade size, so there is an uptick in the correlation between trade size and win %, but it is still really low. while the frequency is telling a pretty pathetic story, there is a model where fundamental and technical factors can be added to these trades, and while the probability of each trade is not much different, that subset contains large winning trades that outweigh the small and more frequent losses. in addition, there are ways to trade this subset that is not as simple as buying the single options, so that even if no large move ensues, the trader at least recuperates some of the premium. that is a topic for another post though, because the point of this post is that just blasting thousands of trade records at retail traders is useless, confusing and misleading and the only ones making money with it are the scammy service providers, while retail traders are losing money on random losing trades and the subscriptions to boot. i hope you find this informative, and that you stay away from the shills peddling "option flow" "smart money" and other scammy alert services. cheers! edit: here is the table by "side" meaning if the trade was opened at the ask, bid or mid, and it is meaningless, but people are clueless and lead to believe that trades at the ask have meaning - they do not.
first 4 months of trading options i started trading options a few months ago. to simplify tax management, i decided to max out my ira. i tried paper trading at first, but honestly, i wanted to get comfortable using one mobile platform (hello, robinhood) and see how far i could grow my account. since blowing up the account wouldn’t have significant financial consequences, i was okay with taking some risks. to learn faster, i experimented with different strategies. initially, i bought 30 dte calls for stocks i was familiar with, like nvda and rddt. i limited my risk to about 10% of my account per trade and aimed to take profits around 30% before moving on to new positions. this approach worked reasonably well. since i have a day job and can’t monitor the market all day, i mostly trade during breaks (yes, even during bio breaks). later, i switched to trading spy options with 7 dte. i based my entries on noticeable market dips—nothing fancy like advanced indicators or charting strategies. toward the end of the year, the market was bullish, so i tried scalping options based on momentum. this strategy worked most of the time, but things unraveled during the market downturn in late december. i broke my own rules and entered a tsla position with 40% of my account on 30 dte $445 calls. at the same time, i averaged down on short-term spy options when the price dropped below $580. the screenshot i attached isn’t fully representative of my performance because i had to liquidate my positions to roll over my ira into a new account. but that’s the story. tl;dr: i started with $7k and grew it to $9k within a few weeks. however, the market downturn brought my account below $2k. i’ve since deposited another $7k into my ira, and i’m hoping to apply my lessons and improve in the coming months. my learnings going into 2025: 1. strictly follow my rules, no matter how tempting a position might seem. 2. avoid expensive options until my account can support them. no more tsla or nflx trades for now. 3. don’t try catching a falling knife. this is easier said than done, but spacing out entries might help. i’ll limit risk to 10% per position and cap my trades to no more than three positions per week. 4. start using stop-loss orders. since i can’t monitor positions all the time, stop-losses could help me avoid forgetting about trades. feedback welcome! am i missing anything else?
i bought puts minutes before the tariff pause so, i bought 12/19 $220 mstr puts shortly before the 90 day tariff pause. bitcoin is up right now and i’m going to get killed on monday. i’m down 30% now. i’m willing to ride it out, but wanted to know what my best strategies might be at this point to mitigate the losses. should i sell puts at the same strike but a shorter expiration date? what’s the best course of action here?
most used strategies by options traders so i've been digging into some of the most commonly used options strategies by retail-/institutional traders and not just what they are, but why they're used depending on market conditions and risk profiles. here are some of them: (you can see their payoff diagrams in the images) 1. covered call this strategy is great for generating income on long stock options, especially in sideways markets. 2. cash-secured-puts they're often used to obtain stocks at a discount or to generate income with a defined risk. 3. vertical spreads (bull/bear) perfect for directional plays with capped risk/reward 4. iron condors popular in low volatility environnements to collect theta decay. the intresting thing is how traders choose strategies based not just on market outlook, but also personal psychology.. (for example when it comes to tolerance for drawdowns and asymmetry in payoff. which option strategy do you find the best and why?
to people who made millions on spy 0dte puts today if you made millions on spy/spx 0dte puts today, were you buying and selling only on the sharp dips or were you somehow able to distinguish pullbacks from reversals? or did you gamble with “small” amounts and were prepared to lose it all?
should i take 73% profit on my deep itm nvda leap or hold through earnings? hey everyone, i’m holding a deep itm nvda leap — $104 call expiring june 2026. my breakeven is $152, and right now i’m sitting on about 73% profit. with earnings coming next week, i’m conflicted: * on one hand, a lot of people are very bullish on nvidia’s numbers and ai demand. * on the other, i know earnings volatility can wipe out short-term gains even if the long-term story is strong. * powell also hinted at potential rate cuts in september, which could be positive for growth stocks like nvda. would you: 1. lock in profits now and maybe re-enter later? 2. hold through earnings and ride the potential upside? looking for opinions from folks who’ve been through nvda earnings swings before, especially with leaps. thanks!
