and this is why i bogle guess the buss family should've just voo and chilled
crossed $500k today. big milestone for me today, and don't have anyone in my life i can share it with. i still have a lot to learn about investing (and some spending habits to unlearn/keep in check), but i'm proud of this $500k accomplishment. breakdown of the $500k is roughly as follows: -$400k traditional 401k (100% vffsx via vanguard institutional 500 indx tr); maxing annually with an 8% employer match -$25k roth ira (70% voo/30% vym); contributing $7k/yr via backdoor -$75k taxable brokerage (80% voo/15% vusxx/5% miscellaneous (nvda and a few other stocks to track for fun); minimum $200/mo to voo, but usually more depending on how my expenses shake out each month 41f, renter in hcol area (socal), ~$210k total comp (salary+bonus). no kids, divorced a few years ago (i earned significantly more than ex, fought hard to keep my retirement accounts and very glad i did). i had a late start ramping up my retirement contributions because i was in law school in my late 20s and then paying off $215k in law school loans (paid off 7.5 years after graduating, which i'm extremely proud of). paid-off 2019 vehicle, no consumer debt. i also have a separate emergency fund of ~$65k between hysa and cd ladder, which is 10-12 months of essential expenses. as the cds mature, i'll be shifting those funds to vusxx to take advantage of the ca tax benefits, which i just recently learned about thanks to this sub! goals for the next few years: -$1m by 45! -improve diversification (adding vtiax/vxus?) -$25k sinking fund towards next vehicle purchase -continue reducing non-essential expenses (more $$ to brokerage and for travel!) -increase charitable contributions happy to take suggestions for things i should consider or where i might be able to improve. but i mostly just wanted to share my experience and thank this sub for all of the advice and encouragement i've passively picked up as i've lurked for the last year or so.
40% of those earning over $300k are living paycheck to paycheck, according to new goldman sachs study “according to our working respondents, financial strain is not confined to low-income workers. a meaningful share of higher earners also report living paycheck to paycheck or making only limited progress toward long-term financial goals, underscoring that elevated expenses, debt burdens, and lifestyle inflation can erode savings capacity across the income spectrum. while the portion of those living paycheck to paycheck declines and is only 16% of respondents within the $200,000 to $300,000 income group, above $300,000, this paycheck to paycheck group jumps to ~40% potentially illustrating the impact of lifestyle creep, the phenomenon of luxuries becoming necessities to certain income cohorts.” full report can be found here: this seems...insane. but also helps me understand why none of my peers were retiring at my last job.
this dip has solidified my opinion that this sub is not bogle at all the amount of people not staying the course, not continuing to invest, looking at their balance every day, and general hysteria is comical. unfortunately for someone that comes here with no insight into bogle, would think this is textbook boglehead behavior. what a shame for that unlucky person. i guess the only way to really learn the bogle method, is to read his books and watch old interviews.
this is the dumbest stock market in history “at one level, there is no doubt that this is the dumbest market in history, because at this point it is completely dominated by “passive” index investing — the very definition of dumb money, because indexers buy stocks without any regard to valuation. index funds chase the crowd, but increasingly index funds are the crowd — which is both dumb and crazy. st. james, citing research from newport beach, calif.–based research affiliates as well as morningstar, calculates that the total amount of assets managed by passive investors, typically index funds, now exceeds the total amount managed by active investors, who — for good or ill — actually look at things like balance sheets and income statements before investing in a stock. the lines, st. james estimates, crossed in february of last year. at the last two stock-market cliffs, in 2000 and 2007, active investing still dwarfed passive investing by orders of magnitude.”
liberation day has broken this sub people on here are now talking about how "this was the most telegraphed market downturn in history" and they should have sold last month. as of writing this, the top upvoted comment on the most recent [post]( is: >we’re living in unprecedented times. anyone that says they know how this ends is delusional or lying. i'd have expected this sub to reject alarmism like this but it's not to be. looks like our bowels are just as weak as those from r/stocks or r/investing. the very point of r/bogleheads is to stick to a strong investing plan and stay the course during times like this. in fact, this is the moment when passive investing really shines. the peace of mind knowing that a diversified portfolio will survive anything is gold-dust and should be treasured. instead, there are posts on here about how vix indicators have to be read a la crystal balls to react correctly to this "unprecedented event."
the market has not crashed the past few weeks the investing subreddits have been filled with threads about the us stock market. tons of people asking if they should ditch their positions. comments largely fall into two categories: 1. trump has ruined everything, pull out of us stocks (to europe or cash, mostly) 2. ha ha sucker, i'm buying on sale! i find both of these frustrating because _there is no sale_ - the stock market is hardly even down. let's take a look at some data. if we look at [a portfolio composed only of the s&p 500]( as of a week ago we were in a drawdown of 1.27%. that is a quarter of the way to the great crash of april 2024 where it went down 4.03% (remember that one? i sure don't). reminder: dot com brought us down almost 45%. 2008 got it down 50%. _those_ are crashes. if your glasses prescription is out of date you can't even see current events on the graph. ok, sure, that data is from february 28 and today is march 9, the whole world has changed since then. let's go look at an up to date graph then. hmm, notice how we've had a multitude of equivalent blips, just in the last five years? (see attached) and this is even assuming someone who is fully into us large cap. if you go even a little boglehead with total us, total international, and a teensy bit of bonds, it's all moderated even more. and yet, we have highly upvoted posts saying things like [my portfolio is down 26% since don took office.]( it sure feels good: there's a lot of fear in the air, maybe we're on the political side of the spectrum where we think the president is making bad choices, this must be true! it's only after you dig far into the comments that you find out what this portfolio is: > mostly a mix of clean energy/ev/sustainable future type things > > bit of tech, industrial, re etc. feeling the pinch everywhere lol investing in specific company stocks, and only across a couple of industries, specifically ones that were projected to have a lot of growth? i'm surprised it's only 26%. regardless, this isn't reflective of what "the market" is doing, yet we keep promoting these types of narratives. we're the problem. here in bogleheads the dominant line has been "stay steady through this turbulence". i think the position we need to be taking is "there is no turbulence".
bank of america says growth stocks are in a bubble exceeding the 'dot-com' and 'nifty fifty' eras — and warns they could take the s&p 500 down 40%
this is why we bogle united health was a goliath of the healthcare/health insurance industry, one of the largest in the world by far. a company that has looked unstoppable for decades and was in the top 100 of the s&p 500. now in just the past 30 days it has lost almost 50% of its value. with the worst potentially to come with a doj lawsuit pending that could cause it to plunge further. for anybody on the fence about boglehead ideas; this is why we do it. broad, market cap weighted, index funds. while unh was imploding and dropping value, vti continued to climb as if nothing was happening. this is why you buy the market not the stock.
time in the market i think about this whenever i see people talking about pulling out of the market or thinking they can even get close to timing the market. let it ride for 30 years and let the magic happen.
being a boglehead taught me that even millionaires don’t live a lavish lifestyle. i am talking about those millionaires who’ve accumulated 2-3 million dollars in investment assets. by today’s standards, 2-3 million is a good amount of money, but if you want that wealth to last a long time (30-40 years), and if you want to pass your wealth to your heirs, as i imagine most parents would want, you can only withdraw 80k-120k annually following the 4% rule, which is not that much. so, when i look around and see people driving $100k tesla trucks, i’m thinking these people are either multi millionaires with at least 5 million in assets or they’re in debt. am i right?
the ai bubble is 17 times the size of the dot-com frenzy — and four times the subprime bubble, analyst says
well, i fell for it after firmly sticking to my boglehead 3 fund plan for years, i gave in and sold vti from my rollover this morning. i had rolled the account over in january and inadvertently bought near record highs, so my thought was i would take advantage of this downturn and buy back in tomorrow after china puts its reciprocal tariffs into place and drops the market more. i thought i was so smart. then, just about two hours afterwards, the 90-day pause goes into effect. cue much cursing and self-flagellation. fortunately, my account was small and already relatively diversified so i didn’t lose more than a couple thousand, but that money is gone for good now. let that be a lesson for all of us. don’t time the market. it’s said a lot here, but it bears repeating even in the most unnecessary self-inflected market downturns: don’t time the market! you don’t know jack shit about what’s going to happen or when and it’s not worth being anxious about. i’m just glad i learned my lesson at such a low cost. edit: this was supposed to be an honest and slightly funny account of a mistake i made so that people could learn from it. the amount of people responding with patronizing groupthink “no true scottsman,” “you don’t belong here,” and “you learned nothing” type arguments is absurd and totally missing the point. jack bogle invented an investment strategy, not a fucking identity. i briefly tried something else, failed, and remembered why this is still the best strategy for me. if you can relate or find this useful, great. if that seems stupid to you, just move on instead of virtue signaling. k? k.
felt like this belonged here
“port in the storm”? while the core of bogleheads may be a port in the storm, market volatility lately sure has made the sub resemble other investing subs more than it does in periods of stability. regardless, fun to see this shoutout while reading the news!
670k inheritance at 18 years old. for context:i turned 18 years old as of 2 months ago and received a large inheritance which was just a giant vanguard brokerage portfolio with investments from my grandmother. when i was around 10-11 years old, shortly before my grandmother passed away; she told me two things, 1)when she passes, she will be leaving me an investment portfolio for when i turn 18, and 2)buy myself a new car with this money but don’t go overboard(i bought a 22 acura tlx). so far after some buying and selling of some of the stuff she had, and learning(over the last 6-8 months of finances, investing and how to actually budget). my portfolio so far has about 350k in vtsax, 110 in vti and vwilx, and on the side i decided to use some of the money (50k in vfidx) to buy gold(after the crash down to the low 4 thousands as of 2 days ago). this is so far how my portfolio looks (along with my beautiful tlx which i know isn’t an investment by no means) at the very young age of 18, i know i definitely have a lot of learning, growing up, and life experiences to go through. for all my older and wiser investors, in my situation am i doing fine? am i doing things right? what would you do in my situation? and how should i prepare for the future? (also forgot to mention but i also spent another 16k on a trade school for electrical. and yes i then soon realized it would’ve been better to try to be an apprentice but oh well, i do plan on being an electrician in the future for my career plans)
bogleheads, i love you i never considered selling for a second because of this sub and the calm, levelheaded bipartisan discussion between its members. i know this spike isn’t the light at the end of the tunnel, but it’s a glimmer of hope at least. i thank this community and its members for keeping me sane.
5 years of monthly net worth tracking joined the bogleheads community several years ago and got some solid advice to actually track my financial progress. throughout these 5 years, my income has wildly fluctuated and i have made some poor choices and simultaneously some great choices. for example, i fell for a couple crypto crapcoins and even got in on the shroom stock hype train in 2020 and 2021– however, i never allocated more than 10% of my portfolio to these things so the inevitable losses were somewhat mitigated as i had the rest in vt or similar funds. i also had purchased a house with unending problems which ultimately ended up being a huge money pit. at this point, i view all those “investment” losses as invaluable lessons and worth the price of admission, counting myself especially lucky being able to make those mistakes early on in life. as for the past couple years i’ve been completely vt and chillin . as you can see, it’s not a straight line in making progress. the market—and more specifically, life— ebs and flows. it was a post like this that inspired me over 5 years ago to just start at least trying to be consistent, so i hope this post can help maybe a couple of you too.
when one life change almost ruined years of index investing a friend of mine after years of being homefree and investing heavily using index funds, was literally about one pay-period away from fire. then a divorce hit. all those years of low-cost funds, discipline, reinvesting it didn’t matter as much when shared finances, a sudden split, and unexpected legal costs came into play. seeing that made me realize: following the boglehead investing path is only half the battle. the other half is planning for personal “what ifs” so your investments don’t just survive the market, but life changes too. anyone else in here have a piece of your wealth you didn’t anticipate having to defend or rethink?
i invested 150k during jan when the s&p was around 6100 it feels so bad right now. i hurt. edit: thanks everyone for the advice.
the sky is not falling. i am surprised by the plethora of "emotional support" posts surrounding recent volatility. you'd think the stock market is down 50%. **reality check:** the s&p 500 is down 6.6% from *all-time highs*. vti is down only 7%. this is r/bogleheads, not r/wallstreetbets where i'd expect more reactionary posts. obviously, "stay the course" yadda yadda. if anything, those of us bogleheads not nearing retirement withdrawals should be celebrating and buying the dip. perhaps these sound like the grumblings of a vet, but i've only been investing for five years. if this small of a correction evokes concern, revisit your risk tolerance and asset allocation. then continue living your life. time will take care of the rest.
is this how bogleheads think?
do most people not know about just investing into the s&p 500? i went to my jiu jitsu class and spoke to one guy who was an econ major who works at prudential. we spoke for a bit. i told him i had been investing into nvidia since 2019 and have been investing into voo since maybe 2010 or 2011. he asks "voo?" i told him, "the s&p 500" then he asked what that was. do most people just not know about the s&p500? i would have thought an econ major who works at prudential would know something so basic. not trying to be a jerk. i'm curious.
"us dollar lost 10% of value, stocks gained 10%, there was no gain" i keep hearing about how the us stock market actually has not gone up at all, just the money supply. if the dollar has weakened by 10%, is that different than inflation of 10%? did the stock market really not gain any "value"? if someone could explain it to my feeble mind i would appreciate it.
vanguard has announced the largest fee cut in its history. fees reduced by an average of 20% and its etfs have an average expense ratio of .105% compared to an industry average of .53%
what are your thoughts on this? i keep seeing this type of stuff on instagram and social media and wanted to know how you guys were thinking about this. i know a lot you have been in the market for decades and as a relatively new investor myself i’d love to get your perspective!
vanguard chief says it’s time to pivot away from u.s. stocks [ much of what has been talked about in this forum for the last few years.
i sent this email on april 7th, literally at market bottom. luckily the advisor told me what a huge mistake this would've been, and i have thankfully learned a lot since then. posting this so hopefully people can learn from my mistake instead of having to learn it themselves. edit: i'm fully aware of what this sub thinks of fee-based advisors. in this case he probably saved me hundreds of thousands in compound interest over my lifetime. could my money be performing better without the fee drag? yes, but it could also be performing far worse, and that's probably good enough for the majority of people.
"the days of set-and-forget investing just ended for many americans" - wsj ignoring the panic and headlines is so satisfying. stay the course, bogleheads.
why warren buffet says jack bogle probably did more for american investors than anyone else
found this in my saved photos. a nice reminder that no one knows what is going to happen.
to the people on this sub freaking out... i just went back to 2007-2009 and read some of the forum posts in the boglehead thread. they were saying the exact same thing people here are worried about. “what if this is different?” “what if x?” “what if y?” — look, you should never have invested money you need to touch in any way in a short time frame. if you did, that’s on you but every investing strategy for the layman states that there must be a long time horizon for domestic and international equity investments. word of advice: stop looking at the cost of the etf or mutual fund. what helps me stay rational minded is changing the focus from how much an etf costs to how many shares i currently own of that etf. that matters a whole lot more in the future. best of luck - do not sell.
my brother is a non-bogelhead what is the best way to try and show them this is a great way to invest? or is it not even worth it?
warren buffett downplays recent market volatility as 'really nothing', saying it's part of investing & investors need to check their emotions at the door a clip from this morning's berkshire hathaway annual shareholder meeting:
how we feel about this?
401(k)s are minting a generation of ‘moderate millionaires’ bogleheads get a mention in the wall street journal.
american's obsession with putting themselves into debt it's very disheartening to me just how many of my peers --regardless of their income level -- seem to salivate at the idea of putting themselves into debt. my cousin who has struggled with poverty for much of his life got a raise this month, and the first thing he told me was about how he'd use it as a down payment for a new pickup truck. *he lives in a city*. he wouldn't even use it. i told him it would be a better idea to invest it and he reacted like everyone does, "yeah..." another person was talking about a certain stimulus check being discussed at the present and they said, "i can use it to pay off my credit card bills!" > **neither of these two people are making bad wages or went into debt because of emergencies.** they spent it all on trivialities. **they are both paycheck-to-paycheck.** this sort of mindset is utterly mind boggling to me. i don't understand why people *choose* to live on the edge of ruin, simply because they *can*. especially with how many horror stories there are about people getting into unfortunate accidents, health problems appearing, etc. and subsequently ending up bankrupt. if they simply invested a small amount of money into an index fund like vanguard -- over time -- they'd have a significant amount of wealth. those two people could buy 5 new cars in cash and never have to worry about cc debt again just by investing the money. not only do they not do that, they even pull money out of their 401k's with penalties to buy more stuff. i specifically mentioned that this is an american mindset because i've traveled a lot. in other countries people try to invest their money and save it for rainy days. even where they have strong social safety nets and don't need to. it's very depressing to me
you should ignore the noise regarding tariffs and (geo)politics and just stay the course. but for some, this may be a wake-up call as to why diversification is so important. it’s been building for weeks but today i woke up to every investing sub on reddit flooded with concerns about what tariffs are going to do to the stock market. some folks are so worked up that they are indulging fears that this may bring about the collapse of america and/or the global economy and speculating about how they should best respond by repositioning their investments. i don’t want to trivialize the gravity of current events, but that is exactly the kind of fear-based reaction that leads to poor investing outcomes. if you want to debate the merits and consequences of tariff policy, there’s plenty of frothy conversation on r/politics and r/economy. and if you want to ponder the decline of civilization, you can head over to r/economiccollapse or r/preppers. but for seasoned buy & hold index investors, the message is always the same: *tune out the noise and stay the course*. without even getting into tariffs or geopolitics, here is some timeless wisdom to consider. **jack bogle: “**[**don’t just do something, stand there!**]( jack bogle spent much of his life shouting as loud as he could to as many people as would listen that the best course of action for an investor is to buy and hold low-cost total market index funds and leave them alone until they are old enough to retire. it has to be repeated over and over because each time a new scary situation comes along, investors (especially newer ones) have a tendency to panic and want to get their money out of the market. yet that is likely to be the worst possible decision you could make because [market timing doesn’t work]( pulling some paraphrased nuggets out of the little book of common sense investing: * most equity fund investors actually get lower returns than the funds they invest in..... why? counterproductive market timing and adverse fund selection. most investors put money in as a fund is rising and pull money out as it is falling. investors chase past performance. * instead, embrace market volatility with patience. market downturns are inevitable, but reacting to them with panic selling can lead to poor outcomes. bogle encourages investors to remain calm, keep a long-term view, and remember that volatility is a natural part of investing. [**bill bernstein**]( “what i tell all engineers is to forget the math you've learned that's useful, devote all your time to now learning the history and the psychology. and one of the things that any stock analyst, any person who runs an analytic firm will tell you, because they really don't want to hire a finance major, they actually want philosophy and english and history majors working for them.” my impression is that a lot of folks who are getting anxious about their long-term investments in the current climate may not know enough about world history and market history to appreciate the power of this philosophy. the buy & hold strategy works, and that is based on 100 - 150 years of us market data, and 125 - [400 years of global market data]( what you find over that time is that a globally-diversified equities portfolio consistently delivers 5-8% real returns over the long run (eg 20-30 years). can you fathom some of the situations that happened in that timeframe that make today’s worries look like a walk in the park? if you’ll indulge me for a moment to zoom in on one particular period... take a look [at a map of the world in 1910]( the japanese empire controls the pacific while the russian empire and austro-hungarian empire control eastern europe. the ottoman empire has most of “arabia” and africa is broadly drawn european colonies. in the decades that followed, these maps would be completely re-drawn twice. russian and chinese revolutions collapse the governments and cause total losses in markets and austria-hungary implodes. superpowers clash and world capitals are destroyed as north of 100 million people die in subsequent wars in theaters across 6 continents. the then up-and-coming united states is largely spared from destruction on home soil and would emerge as the dominant world power, but it wasn’t all roses and sunshine for a us investor. consider: * there was extreme rationing and able-bodied young men were drafted to war in 1917-18 * the 1919 flu kills 50 million people worldwide * the stock market booms in the 1920’s and then crashed almost 90 % over the following years * the us enters the great depression and unemployment approaches 25% * the dust bowl ravages america’s crops and causes mass migration * hunger and poverty are rampant as folks wait on bread lines * war breaks out, and again there are drafts and rationing during this time, prospects could not have looked bleaker. yet, if you could even survive all this, a global buy & hold investor would have done remarkably fine over 35 years. interestingly, two of the countries which were largely destroyed by the end of this period - germany and japan - would later emerge as two of the strongest economies in the world over the next 35 years while the us had fairly mediocre stock returns. the late 1960’-70’s in the us was another very bleak time with the vietnam war (yet another draft), the oil crisis, high unemployment as manufacturing in today’s “rust belt” dies off to overseas competitors, and the worst inflation in us history hits. but unfortunately these cycles are to be expected. [**jl collins**]( >“you need to know these bad things are coming. they will happen. they will hurt. but like blizzards in winter they should never be a surprise. and, unless you panic they won’t matter. >market crashes are to be expected. what happened in 2008 was not something unheard of. it has happened before and it will happen again. and again. i’ve been investing for almost 40 years. in that time we’ve had: * the great recession of 1974-75. * the massive inflation of the late 1970s & early 1980. raise your hand if you remember win buttons (whip inflation now). mortgage rates were pushing 20%. you could buy 10-year treasuries paying 15%+. * the now infamous 1979 business week cover: “the death of equities,” which, as it turned out, marked the coming of the greatest bull market of all time. * the crash of 1987. biggest one-day drop in history. brokers were, literally, on the window ledges and more than a couple took the leap. * the recession of the early ’90s. * the tech crash of the late ’90s. * 9/11. * and that little dust-up in 2008. >the market always recovers. always. and, if someday it really doesn’t, no investment will be safe and none of this financial stuff will matter anyway. >in 1974 the dow closed at 616\*. at the end of 2014 it was 17,823\*. over that 40 year period (january 1975 – january 2015) the s&p 500 (a broader and more telling index) grew at an annualized rate of 11.9%\*\* if you had invested $1,000 then it would have grown to $89,790\*\*\* as 2015 dawned. an impressive result through all those disasters above. >all you would have had to do is toughen up and let it ride. take a moment and let that sink in. this is the most important point i’ll be making today. >everybody makes money when the market is rising. but what determines whether it will make you wealthy or leave you bleeding on the side of the road, is what you do during the times it is collapsing." all this said, i do think many investors may be confronting for the first time something they may not have appropriately evaluated before, and that is country risk. as much as folks like to tell stories that the us market is indomitable based on trailing returns, or that owning big multi-national us companies is adequate international diversification, that is not entirely true. if your equity holdings are only us stocks, you are exposing yourself to undue risk that something unpleasant and previously unanticipated happens with the us politically or economically that could cause them to underperform. you also need to consider whether not having any bonds is the right choice for you if haven’t lived through major calamities before. **consider bill bernstein again**: >“the biggest psychological flaw, the mistake that people make, is being overconfident. men are particularly bad at this. testosterone does wonderful things for muscle mass, but it doesn't do much for judgment. and one of the mistakes that a lot of investors, and particularly men make, is thinking that they're able to tolerate stock market risk. they look at how maybe if they're lucky, they're aware of stock market history and they can see that yes, stocks can have these terrible losses. and they'll say, "yeah, i'll see it through and i'll stay the course." but when the excrement really hits the ventilating system, they lose their discipline. and the analogy that i like to use is a piloting analogy, which is the difference between training for an airplane crash in the simulator and doing it for real. you're going to generally perform much better in a sim than you will when you actually are faced with a real control emergency in an airplane.” and finally, **the great nispirius from the bogleheads forum**: while making emotional decisions to re-allocate based on gut reaction to current events is a bad idea, maybe it’s [*a time to evaluate your jitters*]( >"when you're deciding what your risk tolerance is, it's not a tolerance for the number 10 or the number 15 or the number 25. it's not a tolerance for an "a" turning into a "+". it's a tolerance for accepting genuinely-scary, nothing-like-this-has-ever-happened-before, **heralds-a-new-era news events**... >what i'm saying is that this is a good time for evaluation. the risk is here. don't exaggerate it--we all love drama, but reality is usually more boring than we expect. don't brush it aside, look it in the eye as carefully as you can. and then look at how you really feel about it--not how you'd like to feel or how you think you're supposed to feel...if you feel that you are close to the edge of your risk tolerance right now, then you have too much in stocks. if you manage to tough it out and we get a calm spell, don't forget how you feel now and at least consider making an adjustment then."
hank green (a boglehead) is changing his portfolio due to the supposed ai bubble he is going to redistribute 15% of his portfolio to value etfs and small stocks etf. what's your opinion on this strategy?
i guess this is how works. real net worth numbers over the last 15 years after just plugging away at the market with vanguard index funds, as much as possible. averaging 23% year over year growth. i'm not smart about investing. i'm just consistent and obviously very lucky. got married 15 years ago, at age 27, combined our nw into a single number and tracked it all since. i've had steady work, my wife has had to find new jobs several times because of our various moves along the way. the chart above is average annual returns across various years, looking back. on average, we've done 23% per year. to compare, my pay has averaged 7% increase per year. the rest is investments (not many stocks at all) and our house. i've been lucky to get loans for house and cars at <4%. therefore, i'm not accelerating payments, just taking extra cash into the market. no kids - obviously helps. not purposely doing fire or living like paupers. none of this is inflation-adjusted, but it's actually been 3%/yr over this time frame. it works.
two months ago: are we legitimately seeing the end of the us and the stock market in real time?'. today: back to all-time highs yet another reminder to: make a plan and stick to it, no matter what. invest as much as you can, set up automatic contributions, and forget about it. take your emotions out of the equation, tune out the noise and go on with your life. it’s that simple, but it still blows my mind how many people fail at this.
reason #89,108 why attempting to time the market is a fool’s errand the u.s. court of international trade said the president had overstepped his authority under the federal emergency powers law he invoked. not a single investor would have known this ruling was coming back on “liberation day”. markets go up. markets go down. having a strategy and ignoring the day to day movements is how to grow wealth.
rhetoric around firing jerome powell is increasing, and forced manipulation of interest rates would likely follow. would a weighted readjustment from us into non-us funds be warranted in light of this? market manipulation of interest rates feels like confidence would immediately plummet and global diversification would become a more important percentage of your holdings in the long run. thoughts?
wow, have you seen the stock market lately? i don’t often share investing information from mr. money mustache because i think it can be overly simplistic but i thought this was a really good explanation of why expected returns are lower due to high valuations but you should still stay the course, and consider international diversification. here’s an excerpt: >it’s still going to be profitable to own stocks for the long run, just a bit less profitable than those times when we got to buy our stocks on sale. of course, there will be occasional manias and panics and crashes. but as always, it will be a losing game to try to time them – for example by selling all your stocks now and hoping to buy them at a cheaper price at some point in the future. just relax, enjoy your life, keep investing, ignore the daily news headlines and don’t worry. then reinvest that time that everyone else spends worrying into enjoying more time engaged in hard physical stuff in the great outdoors. that’s the only place where you’ll get guaranteed market-beating returns, every time.
if 1 bad week is giving you jitters, you're invested too aggressively the amount of posts i've seen on reddit panicking about the (us) market after one bad week exposes what a lot of older bogleheads and financial professionals often say, but is sometimes met with skepticism by younger financially literate investors: many people, especially young people, overestimate their risk tolerance. the s&p 500 as i write this is at 5,850. this is down from an all time high of 6,147. this is not even a 5% dip. of course we have no idea if this will turn into a correction or bear market. but this is nothing. we are literally where we were 4 months ago in november 2024. if a 5% pull back is causing you to reconsider your investments or consider cashing out, you were invested far too aggressively. luckily the market is not down too far so if you look at the past month and decide \*not that it's all coming down and its time to go to cash\*, but that you overestimated your risk tolerance and want to rebalance and change your asset allocation moving forward, do it! a couple examples of what this could look like 100% equities to 80/20-75/25-70/30-65/35-60/40 equities/bonds 100% us to 80/20-75/25-70/30-65/35% us/international large cap growth tilt/tech tilt/qqq/single stock allocation to target date fund or 3 fund portfolio of total market index funds the fact of the matter is, a 5% pullback, political uncertainty, international brief outperformance is not even a blip. this is par for the course. we shouldn't even be noticing this (including me). a lot of us have likely gotten in the habit over the past 2 years of checking account balances daily, because the market was on such a tear and it felt good. maybe its time to stop. check quarterly or hell, yearly. if you're 100% equities, you need to be prepared for a 50-60% draw down. this has happened before and will likely happen again in our lifetime. a 20-35% drawdown happens seemingly at least once a decade, and 2/3 years out of every 10 lose money. if you are all us, i'd reconsider. i love this country and believe in the long run we will outperform but we won't always. 20% international is the minimum i'd feel comfortable. i could not sleep at night putting all my eggs in the basket of one country, even this one. seemingly many people who thought they could cannot either. i am not immune to all/any of this to be clear. remember, stay the course. don't do something, just stand there. edit: i am obviously not claiming to be some guru/the next warren buffet/better than everyone else. i am young and still in all equities. but i have gone through a couple of corrections with no temptation to sell. does that make me the man? no, and maybe i'll feel different now that i have more invested if there's a substantial correction. just sparking conversation additionally, i suppose my ultimate point is that a good enough allocation you can stick with is better than an ideal allocation you bail out of. i am not saying "sell the sky is falling"
what do you think about this guy’s claim? “you can expect an annualized return of 0% over the next 10 years, if you buy the s&p 500 today at a forward p/e of around 23.” his full post says: no one is prepared to accept this reality. you can expect an annualized return of 0% over the next 10 years, if you buy the s&p 500 today at a forward p/e of around 23. the data leaves no room for doubt. my experience is that investors always know exactly what stocks they own, but far too rarely what they paid for them (in terms of the p/e ratio). the price you pay for your stocks is directly linked to the returns you’ll achieve—this is a fundamental truth. the graph contains a square for each month from 1988 through late 2014, totaling just under 324 monthly observations (27 years x 12). each square illustrates the forward p/e ratio of the s&p 500 at the time and the annualized return over the subsequent ten years. disclaimer: this post is for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice. always seek professional advice before making investment decisions.
"periodic table" of investment returns by asset class (1985 to 2024)
59 & retiring this year so some background. i’m 59, have worked in a union construction trade for 40 years, and will be retiring this year between 59-1/2 and 60. that just depends on some factors involved with medical hours for the year. i will be receiving a monthly pension that should settle in around $4k/month once we decide the survivor benefit percentage. i also plan on taking ss at 62, estimated at about $2600/month. as part of our benefits package, we have a surety fund that i had stayed aggressively invested in since the first day the union went to an investment firm that offered self investment elections. this was not the case in the early years as it was just a fixed interest annuity. regardless, it has done well for me, and after the covid dip and recovery, i became a little more conservative. i’m curious to hear your thoughts on my current elections in the screenshot posted, roughly a 55/45 mix. my future contributions are not being made to the bond fund, but those contributions will stop when i retire. for reference, the core bond fund is a current guaranteed 3.25% return. investment analyses that i’ve done, assuming an average 6% annual return, all seems to be saying there is plenty for the future and that is the minimum target i’m shooting for. it is possible that i will take slightly higher monthly distributions to make up the income gap until i’m 62. my wife will retire 4-5 years after me and will also get ss and has a rollover ira about 1/2 of mine at the moment. we have no mortgage, no car payments, and made the last tuition payment for our child recently.
reminder: if you’re even trying to bogle, you’re already winning i sometimes read this sub or talk to friends who bogle and fixate on what i could be doing better. should i sell that disney stock i bought when i was 23? could i be saving a higher percentage of my earnings? then, this month, two different coworkers confided in me that they don’t use their 401k and don’t have a brokerage account. to the extent they save, they seem to keep cash. it was a great reminder for me: as someone who maxes my 401k, ira, hsa, and does everything he can to feed my brokerage in a bogle manner, i’m way ahead. and you probably are too! keep trucking
60/40 outperformed 100% stocks in most 25-year periods since 1970 i started reading about investment in recent years and i've seen a lot of folks on reddit very bullish on 100% equities portfolio. "vt and chill" was the answer to every post, “if you tolerate high volatility you will get higher returns”. i did some data analysis and was very surprised to see that **100% equities underperformed** **most of the time**. simulation: * $5k initial value and $200 per month over 25 years * global equities (vt) and long term treasury (tlt) * portfolios 100/0, 80/20, 70/30, 60/40, rebalance yearly, inflation adjusted returns * example: [ i chose 25 years because i’m not in my 20s anymore and i do plan to use the money at some point. 1970 is the earliest that testfolio supports vtsim. the chart shows the return grouped by the year the investment started. the 60/40 portfolio had higher returns on 17 of the 31 periods vs 11 times for 100% equities. if you started investing in 1998-2000 then bonds only dragged down the portfolio though: here you can see the percentage in difference compared to the average return. 100% equities was the worst portfolio between 1984 and 1997 by a considerable margin. [ stocks of course also had higher volatility. it's pretty much guaranteed you will experience a 50% drawdown if you're all in on stocks: [ and finally a scatter plot with risk reward which doesn't make 100% stocks look that appealing. [ i'm not saying you should be doing 60/40 or 70/30, it's up to you. i'm just showing some data to balance out the "vt and chill" team that makes it sound like 100% equities is the best thing ever. i appreciate the simplicity of one fund portfolio, but adding bonds can not only soften the volatility but also outperform (past performance doesn't guarantee future results disclaimer). [here]( is a spreadsheet with the data. note: couldn't upload more than 1 image for some reason
anyone else not worried about deepseek news since they’re only holding broad market index funds? it sure feels good to not have to worry about how individual stocks are performing when you’re a boglehead.
an awful lot of layoffs tryna stay away from the news and the steady drumbeat comparing this to 1999, etc. but man, the layoffs are just eerily reminiscent of 2008--amazon canning up to 30k people tomorrow. chegg cutting staff by 45%. i am focused on the long(er) road and comforted by my vlcol south american lifestyle/budget and four-year emergency fund. but any words of wisdom, comfort, and whiskey are welcome!
net worth tracking over the last 15 years graph from monarch, data migrated from mint. includes primary home/real estate with extremely conservative value. lcol area. assets allocation: investments: 56% real estate: 29% (would be 45% of my allocation if i used current market value) cash: 15% liabilities: mortgage: 96% (10 years to go!) credit cards: 4% (paid off monthly)
anyone else feel bitter about saving 50% of a modest income and still not seeing “big” results? i’m 39, making $83k gross a year, and i’ve been dumping $40k annually (~48% of my gross income) into investments—maxing out my 401(k), roth ira, and throwing the rest into taxable accounts with us index funds. up until this year(this is the second year since i ever opened any form of retirement accounts), i have $80k combined, and after running some projections (7% return, 3% inflation), i’m looking at ~$1.56m in today’s dollars by 59. nominally, it’s $2.8m, but inflation just eats away at it. i’m proud of the discipline, but honestly, i’m starting to feel bitter. i’m living on basically $25k-$30k after taxes, scraping by with no frills, while half my paycheck vanishes into investments. i get that $1.56m is solid—way more than most—but it’s 20 years of pinching pennies for what feels like a “meh” payoff when you adjust for inflation. i was hoping for $2m+ in real dollars, something that feels like a reward for this grind, especially since my income isn’t even that high to begin with. is it even worth it to go beyond 401(k) and roth into taxable accounts when you’re not pulling six figures? i could drop to $30k/year savings, enjoy life a bit more now, and still hit $1.17m real by 59. or am i just burnt out and missing the bigger picture? anyone else wrestling with this—feeling like the sacrifice outweighs the future gain? need some perspective.
trump steps down from threat to fire fed's powell & says china tariffs will fall substantially after a deal; markets jump (while i hesitate to share day-to-day news here, given the amount of angst / discussion here generated by trump’s earlier bluster around powell & extremely high/escalating tariffs on imports from china, i figure folks here may be interested in seeing that was largely noise to be tuned out. s&p 500 futures are up about 1.9% after hours as of this writing on top of the s&p 500 closing up 2.5% for the day.)
world bank predicts worst decade for global growth since 60s
stop being so smug i see a very small number of posts from folks concerned about recent market turbulence. in contrast, there are so many posts claiming to be responding to the (non-existent) paranoia. it almost seems like everyone is looking for an “i told you so” moment where they get to act like they’re the only passive investor in the entire sub with emotionally stability. people in this sub, by and large, are staying the course. get over yourself. remember that old crossfit joke - “a guy walks into a bar. how do you know he does crossfit? he’ll tell you.” that’s what this sub is becoming.
don’t be like me. i cracked and instantly regretted it. after diligently socking away into vtsax for my entire 14 year career inside my 401k, i read one too many doom articles and thought i could avoid the economic meltdown. exchanged my entire 401k balance into cash while half asleep at 2am in the morning. this was thursday night. i woke up this morning and panicked. what if i miss the recovery? called vanguard and then to my horror discovered it was impossible to cancel the exchange which would happen after market close today. best i can do is exchange again afterwards. i thought, ok maybe it’ll tank again today and i will buy back in lower. ha! market rose 1.8% today, and i probably missed out on around $4,000 worth of gains. i spent this afternoon after close calculating how much it would’ve been worth 15-20 years from now. turns out that $4000 i missed out on would’ve been worth close to $86,000 (edit: probably closer to $12k) near retirement time. this is why you stay the course people. missing out on one up day during a bear market has a huge impact on future value. i bought back in with the same amount of cash and have less shares to show for it. which leads me to my final dumb move of the day, which was initiating another exchange back into equities. after all the rep told me to do that. but guess what, i’m locked out of vtsax for 30 days. no frequent trading. ended up picking a far out target date while i ride this month out, which won’t recover as good as vtsax due to the included bonds. so yeah, in the end i was a lifelong follower of the boglehead philosophy, but i still let fear get the best of me. even though i knew i wouldn’t need these funds for another 20 years, i still panicked when i should have remembered to tune out the noise. don’t be like me. there is no timing the market, and i should’ve remembered that. edit: thank you for all the feedback, especially pointing out the bad maths. i know $4k wouldn’t compound into $86k after 20 years, but chat gpt was telling me i was not accounting for my “compounded losses.” i’m still arguing with it, but i feel a lot better now.
just punched my ticket to early retirement! i want to give a big thank you to this community and the original bogleheads forum for sharing your strategies and insights. in particular, i want to thank larry swedroe, klangfool, white coat investor, mr. rick ferri, and the legend, mr. taylor larimore. you helped me learn everything i needed to know about three-funds, managing investment pools, and 401 (k)/ira/roth/529 plans, among others. i started investing in a 401k right out of college, but that was more "hope" than planning. i honestly had no idea what a monte carlo model was until i was 45 when i found bogleheads, but finding tools that could help me test my plan before retirement made a significant difference in the long run, both in identifying flaws and (ultimately) verifying that - hey, we made it! i even created a little one for my phone so i could keep plugging in updates! anyway... a few things that i learned along the way for those who might be finding this: * time in the market always beats timing the market. * invest regularly by setting aside money twice monthly * its better to buy all of the needles than to find one in a haystack; index funds > single stocks * the three-fund portfolio will take you further than stock-picking * sometimes the most important thing you can do is nothing * low fee / no fee advice can make you rich * if you can't find it in the bogleheads wiki, you shouldn't invest in it! [ thank you all. \- a very happy early retiree! edit: clarifying timeline.
to all the posts about "panic selling" ... if this is causing you panic, your allocations are wrong.
just finished “the simple path to wealth” at age 34 what a wonderful read! although now i’m sad i didn’t read this 10 years ago - but i guess better late than never. we just sold our apartment and we were looking to purchase a house. now i might rent and throw everything into vtsax. how old were you when you read the simple path to wealth?
i have to sell $50,000 in stocks by next week. how should i do this? so i’m a young guy, my dad died recently and last year i inherited some money. i was a good boglehead and invested the majority in voo. but now due to my dad’s poor tax planning (thanks for the money and i love you) my accountant has just informed me i owe the irs around fifty grand. my only way to pay this is by selling voo. what should i do? should i set a huge sell order for market open tomorrow? edit: everyone is preaching to me in the comments. these sales are on the advice of my cpa. i just need advice re timing and how to game this. my father died suddenly without a will and it’s been chaos that’s all you should need to know edit 2: so i waited for market open today and watched for a bounce for like 10 minutes. when it became clear that wasn’t happening i sold. lots of clever advice in here regarding covered calls and dca’s but ultimately i figured the market is bad and getting worse, i need the cash, and the mental load is significant. thanks for talking me through this guys
just finished maxing my 401k for the year it's 12/20. i'm 31 and have been working full time for almost 10 years. i just finished maxing out my 401k ($23k) for the first time in my life. although i've been contributing since i was 23, this was the first year i got serious about my 401k contributions. i know i'm relatively "young" but just a reminder that it's never too late to start taking your retirement seriously! edit: a lot of people are asking if i also maxed out my roth ira. the answer is yes - i have done so every year since 2021. for the last two years (2023 & 2024) i have used the backdoor roth conversion.
this is why we vt and chill...
‘friends end up blocking you’: northwestern mutual sold college grads a dream job. they left in ruin and debt extract: >...new recruits were told to take out their phones, open their contacts, and upload at least 200 names into company software. >then start calling. >the goal: 40 dials a day, documents seen by the guardian show. friends, cousins, ex-roommates, teammates, anyone who might answer. jeremy was told to leave 20 missed calls at a time so it looked “urgent”. when someone finally picked up, there was a script to follow: a cheerful announcement of his new role, followed by an invitation to meet and discuss their financial future. >if the person on the phone agrees to meet, their financials are input into northwestern’s [software]( which spits out a financial plan. invariably, it will recommend the most expensive life insurance product, known as “whole life”, according to internal documents and interviews with workers.
how many are maxing out their 401ks and roth iras? what percentage of people you think? it's over $30,000 just seems insane since so many are going paycheck to paycheck? i max out my roth ira but have only a little being taken out of my check for my 401k, since everything is so expensive nowadays seems like you'd somehow have to make a ton, and be able to save a ton, like someone with a high paying job and still living at home just curious
the likelihood of an active manager beating the s&p500 over a 30 year stretch is less than 1% i.e. stastically 0% i pulled this stat from j.l. collin’s the lieutenant and second in command to our holy father jack bogle. how many people know this? just surrender 90-95% of your portfolio to a broad based low cost cap weighted index fund and allocate 5%-10% to individual stocks (especially tech because of moores law, and the eventual fusion of man and machine) and just chill.
why are most people so economically illiterate? seems nowadays there's a massive hostile sentiment towards stockholders in general, who are identified with the 1%. how wages have been suppressed for decades now in favor of stock returns, leaving the average joe worse off than before while the rich profit off of their capital gains. what doesn't make sense here is this unconscious, seemingly widely held belief that only *this* group gets to profit from the system. there is nothing stopping the average joe from investing a small part of his money, matching his 401k, and profiting off the very same system he claims oppresses him, negating it's harmful effects. in common sense on mutual funds, i remember john bogle said something to the effect of investing a mere $50 a week over 40 years will make you a millionaire by retirement age. and indeed, if we look at a compound interest calculator investing $200 a month with 10% returns (not accounting for 4% rule) you'd end up with $1,264,869. for the average middle-class worker this is not a huge expense. it's one less order of takeout in a week. it sounds to me that this system is *immensely* beneficial for the working-class. and people will say they "can't afford it". the same people i see driving around the newest model cars with $800/mo. payments hanging over their heads. or taking out mortgages at silly rates for bigger houses than they need. even when i was poverty-stricken, eating rice and beans everyday i could afford to invest $50 a week. my general point is that it seems people like blaming the system for their reduced spending power/qol while also completely failing to take advantage of it's frankly miraculous economic benefits.
22 years old and maxed out my roth every year since 18. how does it look? my first two years i bought roughly a 50/50 split of apple and amazon, from then on began investing only into efts but didnt sell any of my aapl/amzn stock. a fund i dont like is vxus. from my understanding the reason i have it is to negate losses from vt, however without holding vt i dont believe its necessary by any means.
started late, celebrating every win spent my 20s getting in and out of debt and getting my life together. had 0 knowledge of investing. shoutout to podcasts and friends for encouraging me. started investing in 2020 at 32 years old. considering i had no job and no savings 5 years ago, i’m feeling darn good. for those who are just starting, it’s never too late
the shockingly simple math behind early retirement an oldie but a goodie for folks who haven't read this classic post from "mr. money mustache". it all boils down to your savings rate.
401(k) limit increases to $24,500 for 2026, ira limit increases to $7,500
prioritizing investments [ i comment this link all the time, but considering the flurry of posts surrounding recent events i want to highlight the specifics of how to follow the[ bogleheads investing philosophy]( beyond just saying "stay the course". **you must secure a healthy emergency fund before you can invest.** once you have that established, follow the above article. this flowchart achieves an optimized financial household for yourself, both from a risk and a tax standpoint. and of course, this guide applies in good times and bad. the emergency fund is there so you *don't* need to panic sell your 401k or ira investments during a market drop. armed with this knowledge, you should then understand the meaning behind [jack bogle's quotes]( with my personal favorite (and appropriate for the current climate) being: *"time is your friend; impulse is your enemy".*
the reason why markets are almost impossible to predict i see a lot of confusion here about the reason why markets are effectively impossible to predict. many seem to think that it’s because market forces are complex. that gets them into trouble because they look at x factor and think, “usually the market is complex, but in this case it’s obvious that factor x will cause the market to do y. this time, i really can predict the market!” but market unpredictability has nothing at all to do with complexity. instead, the reason markets are almost impossible to predict is because you aren’t predicting whether a company (or an economy) will perform well, but rather whether it will perform better (or worse) than the market expects it to perform. sports betting is a helpful analogy. it may be obvious that team a is going to crush team b in the big game this week. but that doesn’t mean that you should bet on team a, because the sports market has already adjusted the spread to account for the fact that team a is better. in fact, the odds have been adjusted by the precise amount necessary to ensure that any new bet is a 50-50 toss up. in the same way, it doesn’t matter whether you think it’s obvious that us or non-us or tech or non-tech will do better in the future because of reason x. unless you’ve got inside information, market prices have already adjusted in a way that makes predicting future movements a toss up. that’s ultimately why “this time is different” is never correct. yes, politics may be different, rules and laws may change, everything might change — but what will never change is that market prices will automatically adjust to ensure that predicting future prices changes is not possible.
i am so privileged. the more i speak to people who don't know all that much about basic investing philosophy, i realize how privileged i was to grow up with a dad that understood it decently enough to give me a background, the internet as an amazing resource to learn more by myself about it, and enough free time to be able to browse the internet and look into this stuff in general. not sure what the intention of this post is. i guess its a thank you to all of you and to the world. onwards.
warren buffett’s final letter to investors [link (pdf warning)]( i know this is bogleheads and we don’t focus on any one individual stock, but many of us do respect warren buffett and find his letters insightful. end of an era.
end of an era: warren buffett to step down from berkshire hathaway after six decades
fbi now warning against using sms as 2 factor authentication method for anyone who still be using sms as only \[or even as backup\] 2 factor authentication some reading: (edit: please remember, sms 2fa is much much better than no 2fa, it is just not as good as you may think) [ [ [
i paid off the mortgage i paid off the mortgage this week, and i am ecstatic! i know it is more of a mental change than an actual change in finances, but the big life accomplishments don't come around as much as when you are younger. so, i celebrate them when i can. we still had 4 years at 3.25%, and i know conventional wisdom is to invest it. i am approaching retirement and i have 4-5 years worth of expenses in fixed income, so the spread on what i am making over the rate is small. now i can take that monthly payment and put it back into longer term equities.
i think more people need to see this chart and stop freaking out. [slickcharts.com/sp500/returns]( ignore the noise and keep investing. sure they'll be bad moments, but 70% of the time the market is up.
dividends not as good as you think this was a post from a dividend reddit. “my goal in 1991, when i started to think about retiring, was to have $1,000,000 in dividend stocks when i retired. we retired at the end of 2023. i can tell you with 100% certainty that if i would have put all the money i sank into dividend stocks with the drps i started in 1991, and invested in the s&p 500 index, i would have $4,000,000 more wealth that i could take 3% distributions on, which would be $120,000, which is more than the dividends i am paid. not to mention, my dividend stocks are not worth $2,000,000. i contributed to around 15 drps for 26 years, adding other dividend stocks along the way in my two brokerage accounts. i also contributed to a small cap mutual fund, (it slaughtered my dividend stocks), and an international mutual fund(which has woefully underperformed the s&p 500 index). we own 49 dividend paying stocks. i just added three non-dividend paying stocks, and i am the investor that has bad timing. the day after i buy, the stock has gone down. i do not own bonds, cds, or bond funds or any fund that invests in bonds. i bought the high flyers of the 1990s, intc, ge, and pfe. today, intc no longer pays dividends, pfe stock has been in the doldrums, ge, cuts its dividend to $0.04, then reverse split 1 for 8, then recently did their spinoffs. what i am saying, today's great companies, might not be so great in 30 years. my utilities and oli&gas have been solid. oil&gas cycles of course. you have to be careful with the msty, jepq, o, and other stocks like them because those "dividends" are taxed as ordinary income. in your case 24% taxes. whereas, my qualified dividend portfolio is taxed at 15%. i am glad we are getting income and we make enough in dividends to pay some bills. moral of the story, dividends are nice, but not the end all be all.”
i just inherited around $729k. it's in edward jones in 7 mutual funds. i want to move it. how to do that without costing me a fortune? i just inherited around $729k. my mom was the end of the trust and so it is no longer in one. it was just transferred to me today (i was told it would happen in several weeks so i'd know where i wanted the money sent.). so i am now in edward jones in 7 different mutual funds. step up was used in 1999. how do i/can i get it out of edward jones into fidelity without paying an additional fortune (like be taxed on the entire amount?)? is fidelity the best choice? i am presuming so many mutual funds so that the advisor can get more fees and i know they have higher fees than most. looking at what i know was in it in 1990, it looks like my dad's choice of edward jones was a big mistake as it is worth less than half of what it would have been if it had just been in a stock market index fund. i know he didn't, and mom didn't withdraw any money from it although i don't know if the dividends (if there were any) were reinvested. i have no idea how this works. i'd sure appreciate some advice. edit - mom took the step up in 1998 when dad died (it was his trust from his mom and went to mom still in the trust - for me it is no longer in the trust) - as i result i am not able to take advantage of another step-up. also all 7 funds are proprietary to edward jones, which i understand from the comments means i have to liquidate them to move them and pay a fortune in capital gains. and i also realize that likely it wasn't all in stocks. i was just trying to judge how much was "lost" to ej's higher than average fees. i don't know how much churn there was either to enhance that person's income (i intend to ask this week about how long the money has been in those funds and how much of the value of the trust at mom's death was capital gains). i also appreciate how many people are taking the time to try to educate me, give me questions to ask so i can make the best decisions based on the circumstances i am dealing with. thank you! edit 9/5/25 all funds but one have been held for a very long time. one was bought the day before i had possession but it was only about $8500 worth. so at least he didn't churn them a lot over time or right before i had possession. that is a plus.
historical bull vs bear markets: 1942-2024 (first trust)
am i the only one that's a bit relieved we are seeing a correction? as someone who's single digit years from retirement, my biggest worry over the last few years is prolonged bear market in early retirement. also it's felt like we've been in a bubble. as much as i disagree with the current admin's fiscal policy or lack thereof, the bigger a bubble gets the worse the crash, so i'm a bit relieved to be seeing the current (nearly) correction. of course, it could get much worse and then i may never be able to retire.
if ever there was a pro-bogleheads piece...buffet on index funds vs hedge funds free link: buffett’s bet of the century “there’s one more person that i would like to introduce to you today and i’m quite sure he’s here. i haven’t seen him, but i understood he was coming,” buffett said, scanning the audience. “i believe that he made it today and that is jack bogle . . . jack bogle has probably done more for the american investor than any man in the country. jack, could you stand up? there he is ... i estimate that jack, at a minimum, has saved and left . . . tens and tens and tens of billions into their pockets, and those numbers are going to be hundreds and hundreds of billions over time,” buffett said. “so, it’s jack’s eighty-eighth birthday on monday, so i just (want to) say, ‘happy birthday, jack.’ and thank you on behalf of american investors.”
thoughts on this?
are most people clueless to personal finance & investment returns? i read a post on x this morning stating that a large number of government employees over the last 4 years have become “millionaires”. pretty much a large majority of the comments were focused on how there’s no way that many government employees could ever become millionaires without some sort of shenanigans going on... with that said, are people that clueless to realize that there are people out there who maximize their savings efforts, along with the upward momentum of the stock market over this time that this is a very feasible scenario?
returns don‘t matter...until they do i’ve been running a lot of fire math lately and one thing really clicked: up to around 40 (for me), savings rate is king. every extra dollar saved is a huge percentage of your total net worth. example: with 250k invested, a 50k annual contribution instantly boosts the portfolio by +20% before the market even moves. but once the portfolio snowballs past ~1m, the game flips. at 1m invested, 7% annual returns = 70k growth in a single year. that’s more than the 50k i’m adding myself. from that point, returns matter more than savings. so yeah, returns don’t matter...until they do. if you’re early in the journey, stop stressing over whether your portfolio makes 6%, 8% or 10% this year. focus on pumping cash in. later, once the snowball is massive, the market does the heavy lifting for you. edit: based on a couple of comments i need to clarify. i‘m not saying that returns don‘t matter at all in the beginning, they just don‘t matter that much. i‘m 34, started saving/investing 6 years ago and my nw is at 400k including home equity. 300k of those 400k (75%) was savings. eventually i‘ll reach a point where any further increase of my nw will be 75% determined by returns at which point savings will matter less.
28 yo unemployed. just got access to this portfolio. tips?
done with vanguard. just berated my wife on the phone. customer service at vanguard seems to get worse every single year. we've just undergone a challenging account-inheritance situation with vanguard with loads of back and forth with customer service. long-story short, some names didn't match because of marriage and other typical issues. point is, we have been in and out of the accounts a great deal in the last few weeks with the typical password challenges during that time. we manage our passwords in 1password. in general, we have our shit together. but sometimes the 2fa gets messy with as many accounts as we have and whose phone number is on the account. somewhere along the way, we got locked out of all our accounts and vanguard has been really cagey about letting us through the security screens. i get it. fraud detection. security. the works. no big deal. i got my accounts sorted without a lot of hoopla. my wife's accounts have been a nightmare however... since they won't talk to me because i am not on the account, i had my wife call to get back into her account. after bouncing through multiple people, she finally gets to a rep who proceeded to berate her on the phone for not "knowing her password," told her she should not let her spouse help manage the account because it's my fault the names were wrong in the first place, and implied with a ton of misogynistic overtones that my wife should be embarrassed for not understanding her finances. excuse me ma'am. my wife is a badass. she doesn't need me to freaking buy vtsax for christ's sake. it's literally only a roth ira. this isn't complex finance. its a simple password issue. it's vanguard that can't get this paperwork sorted and keeps locking us out. my wife had to convince this lady that i had nothing to do with it and that her recently deceased grandmother set all this up incorrectly in the first place. they finally relented and did a simple password reset that did the trick. good lord. this shouldn't have taken 20 mins on the phone. anyway, my wife is now in tears because complex grief and some misogynistic jerk in a call center and i am done with vanguard. i'm tired of the interface. i'm tired of how hard it is to find anything inside the portal. and i am tired of having to call them every time they lock us out. vanguard's supposedly excellent customer service was the only thing keeping me there. nope. not any more. this customer of 10 years is going to fidelity. it was astoundingly easy to set up and there were way less hoops to jump through to get going. hashtag not-sponsored. thanks for coming to my ~~rant~~ ted talk. edit with clarifications: 1. bad title lol. you right. read the post for clarification. 2. inheritance ira was completed a month ago. we assume that the security issues are leftover from that. of course it was difficult to deal with that. but we've been done with that for weeks. no big deal. honestly vanguard was slow but nothing to be unexpected. inheritance is messy. 3. i don't care that we had to call with a password reset. did i somehow imply that? that's completely normal security protocol. we have had to call lots of times the last few weeks. my problem was the way the customer service rep spoke to my wife. 4. we didn't get locked out due to "forgetting passwords." i thought that was clear in the post. all of our passwords are managed with 1password. there isn't "forgetting." they are all random strings of characters, numbers, and symbols saved in a secure vault. we don't know why we were locked out. and it doesn't matter. we could answer the security questions correctly. idk why the lady was so rude. maybe she was having a bad day. 5. my wife didn't deserve to be spoken to that way she's a soft-spoken therapist. i can assure you she wasn't a karen on the phone. classic reddit. never change. 6. i've moved to fidelity. it took 5 mins using this: [
just wanted to share an eye opening moment from a beginner i put $10,000 into voo and i went to bed and i woke up with $10,114 in the account. i know things a volatile but i’m 23 and that moment was just made me go “damn i should’ve just sacked up and started investing earlier”
23m first $20k invested, in it for the long run trying to stay near 75/25 fzrox/fzilx in a roth ira/hsa and 2060 retirement tdf in company 401k. auto-invest and dca all the way. glad i got into this community and excited to be on the path to financial independence.
has the stock market become completely decoupled from the economy? it's generally posited that the stock market is forward looking, and valuations include expected future changes. the stock market keeps hitting record highs. i personally am currently up 8% over the last 90 days and up 14% over the last year (standard bogle type portfolio, 80/20 equities/bonds). yet economic news is almost nothing but negative except for niche industries like ai. job growth is anemic, inflation is high, wage growth is slow or stagnant, unemployment is rising. tariff costs are unpredictable, but significant. stagflation is a real possibility. i know the stock market has never been exactly tied to the economy, but there's been a strong correlation, if not cause and effect. but they really seem like they might be bifurcating, are we looking at a [k shaped economy]( going forward? seems like that is easy to get into, and really hard to get out of!?
25m why shouldn’t i just go 100% into s&p 500 if the s&p 500 averages 8-9% returns a year accounting for inflation and if my time horizon is 35 years assuming i retire at 60, why shouldn’t i just go 100% s&p etfs/funds? if i add bonds to my basket my overall returns will be closer to 6-7% due to the low return of bonds.
reminder: if you’re feeling tempted to sit out and wait to buy a dip, you probably won’t buy the dip either. just read through the comments, you are not immune. if you’re thinking of sidelining because you think a crash is imminent, even if you’re right, you probably won’t buy in then either. you’ll likely say it’s not done going down yet all the way through recovery. when a dip happens it will be for good reason and that reason will make you very skittish. just have that money auto deposited and don’t look.
i’ve been a boglehead for 5 years now and i just calculated how much money i’ve made after leaving my former brokerage. my wife and i have been putting on average $1200 in per month and we have made over $60,000 in passive income by just going target date funds, voo, vxus, and bnd. i’m in my early 30s and feel like my life has been changed by this subreddit. i can’t believe where i’m at after just five years. why stock pick when you have shown me the way? thanks so much for your help. god bless you all. edit: i appreciate the correction. this isn’t passive income but unrealized gains. my passive income for each year is closer to $7,000 per annum at this stage.
do most people genuinely not invest towards retirement? was recently in a discussion about 401k's and pensions. one thing that kept coming up again and again was people repeating that if you don't invest in your 401k or stay until you're vested in your pension you'll, "retire with nothing." > it got me thinking -- do people *really not invest outside of their 401ks/pension at all?* like i personally cannot understand the mentality of spending all of your cash as soon as you get it. i get some people are of limited means but these discussions are happening on personal finance forums, where most people have the ability to invest their hard earned cash outside of their company retirement plans. yet they act as if the money is burning a hole in their pocket and if it isn't promptly spent it will simply disappear into thin air. i see this mentality so often and among all levels of earners. people seem to have an obsession with living above their means in general. even well-to-do people will finance things at interest to appear better off than they really are and take what could've been incredible savings into a paycheck-to-paycheck existence. i'm talking upper-management, seemingly intelligent types of people who should know all about the power of compound interest placing their finances in constant peril because they have nothing saved -- let alone invested towards their futures. thoughts?
87% decline in s&p 500 companies citing “recession” on earnings calls for q2 compared to q1 as of 8/8/2025, with 90% of s&p 500 companies reporting q2 2025 results by then, the year-over-year earnings growth rate of the s&p 500 was 11.8% (per [ ).
first reddit post: just crossed 100k in retirement at 37 i wanted to post because i always get inspired when i read post that i can relate to. * married 2010 * 4 kids! * i have never made a more than 90k. * my wife makes around 12k /year * we are not high earners but thankful. we were introduced to dave ramsey years ago so we tried to stay away from debt. driving clunkers does suck by the way. **2010:** first job- 44k **2011** i was in barnes and noble ( i know, i miss them too ). randomly grabbed a book on investing. decided that i should give it a shot. created a roth account on scottrade ( moment of silence ) i think i put in a couple hundred bucks in a mutual fund. continued to add to it but only a few hundred dollars at a time. **2015** bought our first home for 154k! 15k down. glory days. we were aggressive ( dave ramsey ) and went after our house and moved to a 15year. $1200/month to $1500/month. would have it paid off before 50. **2020**.... " love the house but....." seed got planted in our heads. everything crazy! at this point we had 20k in that roth account. sold the house! talk about excitement and anxiety all at once. now what??? rented a town house for 1 year. because we made money on the house i decided to read up on investing. suddenly, i realized that i was missing out on the miracle of compounding interest. yes, it was good to go after debt but what about my retirement? so we decided to get more aggressive with our 403b. opened up a roth for my wife and we both maxed it out that year ( because of the money we made from house sale )around 12k **2022**\- bought a house! i am a person of faith and it was a god miracle. we took on more debt. 225k with the house. we put down 100k ( again, from what we made on the last house ) **2022** retirement and roth roughly 50k. moved into a possible forever home. last month after continued investing in our 403b we **crossed that glorious 100k mark!** **majority of investment: voo. vti. vo. bnd. fxaix. nothing exciting. yes, i know there is a lot of the same!** now reality: **bummer**: 1. we have a larger house loan and if interest rates don't go down, instead of 50 we will be 65 when it is paid off. 2. life is expensive. literally we just had a 7k bill for my teeth issues! tears and disappointment! so our savings has dwindled down uncomfortable levels. **awesome:** 1. my wife loves the house and so do i. this kids love the school district and making great friends. 2. i am ok with a little stress in the present so that i can provide peace in my future. at 37 i can get a second job or even look for something else. we have a longer runway. when i am 65 my options may be fewer. 3. **life is about living.** dave ramsey is great but this is an extremely wealthy man telling people to live on rice and beans. i get it! we slept on an air mattress for 6months so we could afford a mattress, but these are the best years! i know many retired people who are bored with life! they dont feel a sense of purpose. i am willing to make sacrifices but i am also not willing to miss these years with my family and friends! if you read all of that - i am impressed! hopefully my little journey encourages you to keep moving forward! as my grandma ( 92 ) said, " enjoy the journey " cheers.
pros panic sold $1t during the chaos. regular investors stayed the course. yet another win for boring old buy-and-hold. the wsj reports that so far this year, hedge funds have sold over $1 trillion more shares than they have purchased, even as individuals have made $50 billion a month in net stock purchases, demonstrating the resilience of passive investing strategies. includes a bonus reference to john bogle!
market crashes (2025 edition) - ben felix
