i traded physical and derivative base metals for 15+ years, 11 of those at trafigura ama my name is samuel basi and i have been in the commodities industry for over 16 years, holding multiple roles across different companies, commodities, and continents. i worked at trafigura for 11 years on their metals desks, trading for 8 of those years, and a smaller niche trader gmi for 4 years where i built their derivative desk from the ground up. link to linkedin: [ i authored 'perfectly hedged a practical guide to base metals' and in november 2023 i launched perfectly hedged llc - a consulting and education company working with firms across the entire commodity complex to enhance their knowledge of hedging and risk management. i also consult with individuals trying to break into the commodities industry, along with experienced employees looking to make the next step in their career. i have spent time in operations, hedging, physical trading, and derivative trading. i've sat on risk and trading committees and have a broad understanding of most parts of the commodity trading business. i have interviewed countless applicants for a variety of roles in the industry, including as part of the trafigura junior/international trader and graduate programs. i also happen to have gone through every visa that you can obtain to live and work in the usa so feel free to ask questions about that as well! >it seems like most of the questions were asked prior to the event, thank you so much for all of your input. i'll keep monitoring this thread and try to get back to any new questions that come in as soon as i can.
i was a physical and paper oil trader at two large trading shops ama graduated with a chemistry degree and joined a very well known global private physical trading shop onto their graduate scheme in geneva. did 3 rotations across operations, risk management and trade finance covering crude, condy, fuel oil, gasoline, naphtha and biodiesel. i subsequently became a commercial operator after the graduate programme with a remit to monetise physical optionality for the gasoline book (i.e optimise gasoline blend econs). i did this for a year and then moved to a predominantly paper trading focused shop in a junior trader role. started out as junior trader on the fuel oil desk responsible for managing the desks trade capture system (i.e deal entry), assisting analysts with fundamental snd modelling and eventually became responsible for maintaining the forward curve and quoting prices for internal bunker hedging. learned how to make markets and "arb" the curve, then moved into trading physical cargoes in rotterdam. subsequently moved into a more paper focused role, leveraging analytics to make relative value trades across the bbl. happy to answer any questions about the industry, getting into the industry, path to trading etc.
12 month old looking to break into commodity trading hi, i am a 12 month old infant. in between feedings, diapers, and naps, i've been pondering my future. i really want to be in a lucrative field and i'm pretty sure that commodity trading is for me. i have a few questions for the group: - which preschools are placing the most 1st year hires at the majors? - how can i gently steer my mother towards accepting that i, a 12 month old, am born to trade ercot north bal-day swaps? or should i consider hft? - does anyone know any good formula brands? i'm planning on drooling on whatever books you guys recommend, so i'll need to stay hydrated. i have to run and take a nap, but i wanted to sincerely thank you ahead of time for the guidance you can give me in this infantile state. i'll be preschool class of 2030. i've noticed lots of posts on this subreddit from others in a similar predicament to me and i wanted advice as well! oh, and the mods wanted these details: - current career - filling diapers - certificates - birth certificate received 12 months ago from a leading hospital - current location - crib - ability to relocate - i'll ask mommy - desired commodity - whatever makes me a lot of money fast. i need that fast life. tell me your pay without context please.
the real reason gold hit $4,000 gold just hit $4,000. up 50% in a year. outperforming major assets in 2025. the headlines say fear. war. inflation. recession. that’s lazy... when the u.s. froze russia’s assets, the world watched and china acted. china has been buying gold for 11 straight months now. 74m ounces. \~$283b worth. that’s not diversification. that’s exit strategy. away from treasuries. away from dollars. if your money can be turned off with a phone call, it’s not safe. it’s permission-based. and it’s not just governments. tether’s minting gold tokens now. digital, backed by the real thing. crypto traders buying actual gold without ever opening a vault. new buyers. old systems losing grip. gold’s not up because the world’s falling apart. it’s up because there are new buyers and old systems losing trust. this isn’t panic buying. the dollar runs on trust. gold runs on physics. when trust runs out, physics wins. it’s a reminder of what can’t be printed, hacked, or frozen. the oldest asset on earth just became the newest safe haven. would love to hear other's pov. dan from money machine newsletter
how to become a good commodities analyst all right, this sub is kind of quiet and it's a shame. with almost 9,000 readers it also seems like about half of you all are "new to commodities" looking to get your feet wet. we should have [more conversations like this one]( but to get there we need more people who know their industry. this is the first entry of my guide entitled *how to become a good commodities analyst*. if it's well received i'll write a part deux. i have about 10 years’ experience in agriculture, fertilizers, and a little bit in energy so this will largely view commodities through those lenses. others with similar or different experiences chime in below in the comments, i’m happy to learn how your opinions or resources differ from mine. lets start with what i think is the most important skill and habit to develop. i believe the absolute best way to be good at your job as a commodities analyst is to hoard data, all of it, on your hard drive and in your brain. the most frequently used data should be on your hard drive and it should be up-to-date. these are the models about which your boss will ask your opinions and reasoning. supply and demand models, pricing models and databases, tangential models that inform your s&d models, stuff you're in at least monthly. in your brain, you should hoard the location of infrequently used data. knowing what data is available in the universe will allow you to answer questions from your boss like "how does sun spot activity affect la niña severity and brazilian soybean yield". just knowing that a database of sunspot activity, la niña severity, and brazilian soybean yields exists somewhere will let you say, "i don't know, but i can let you know by 3pm". this differs from requests like "how many hopper rail cars does bnsf send through kansas on average in may", only bnsf knows that one. if you hoard the location of enough data, you'll be able to answer more ad hoc questions and have opinions about increasingly nuanced drivers of supply and demand. like, "how does ethanol profitability react to corn prices and what is the effect on grain elevator basis in northwest iowa", i don't keep have a model to answer that question, but my boss knows i'm the first person they talk to if something weird like that comes up. in terms of available data, there are three tiers of data: public, private, and proprietary. **public data** public data is exactly what it sounds like, it's provided directly by the government or has been legislated to be released to everyone for free (think public company quarterly reports). public data is where most of the important commodity data comes from and it's extremely important to know the largest reports and have opinions on what the next report is going to say. figure out what reports your boss or colleagues consider important, download the underlying historical data, know when it's released, and get comfortable with what drives each data series. for example, with corn the most important report is the [wasde report]( released monthly, and the most important drivers are ending stocks, demand, price, and supply. if you're in the united states, one thing our federal government does really well is provide an absolute trove of data on commodities especially for the economy, demographics, agriculture, & fossil fuels. in general, most developed economies have good public data. i would also say brazil and maybe argentina have good agriculture data. generally, the less independent the data departments are, the less you can trust the data (think china). i would argue that the u.s. and european union are the gold standards for trust in public data. > for agriculture become comfortable navigating usda.gov and all its department sites (nass, fas, ams, etc.), learn how to perform custom queries at [quickstats]( [psd online]( and all the local data from [ams market news]( > for energy, the eia.gov website has a staggering amount of data on prices and demand. i'm only in here on an ad hoc basis, so someone else can chime in, [but this page is a good place to start]( > demographics the [u.s. census bureau]( is where i go for u.s. population by segment, and [world bank]( for global, but there are other sources. > economic data you can get from the [bureau of labor statistics]( trade data comes from the [u.s. census]( and [international trade commission]( > for pricing data you usually need a subscription with a data aggregator, but often there are highly correlated public data series [like this one]( for commodities the [commitment of traders report]( is important to understand. **private data** private data costs money, sometimes a lot of money. if your boss has p&l responsibilities, they won't flinch if you come to them with a subscription that costs $5,000 per year. what this means though is that these services need to make you better at your job commensurate with the subscription costs. private data aggregation is highly competitive and very lucrative so there are large established firms (think bloomberg, ihs markit, etc.), medium firms (barchart.com), and startups (there are tons of weather and ai startups). even though it costs money, that doesn’t mean it’s bad. these companies earn their money for having better data, more data, or easier to format data than government sources. get comfortable with your firm’s data subscriptions and use that data. if you see that your firm isn’t using a service *tell your boss*, you’ll look like a rockstar and cancelling an unused service will pay a good chunk of your salary. if your google searches or industry contacts suggest a new service, research it, reach out to the service and ask for a demo and if they give free trials. if the demo with just you or a peer goes great and you see yourself using the service regularly, get the subscription cost and go talk to your boss. if they don’t fall out of their chair hearing the number, schedule another demo with them. if your boss likes it, get the free trial (if available) and use the service for a week and show your boss what is useful. you’ll look like a rockstar. finally, if your company has a bloomberg terminal, learn how to use it! bloomberg (the man) is a mega-billionaire because he figured out that firms will pay a lot of money for well formatted data. bloomberg (the company) effectively takes poorly formatted public data and reformats and indexes it. if you can work a bloomberg terminal, that should be your first stop for public data. they also are increasing the amount of private data they provide. it’s all in one place and it’s all formatted consistently. bloomberg terminal fluency is a marketable skill and it should be in your resume/cv, linkedin, and mentioned in every interview. **proprietary data** this is the data that only your company has and is likely underutilized. this would most likely be sales data (shipments, pricing, forward sales commitments, etc.). other proprietary data includes any databases **you** create by collecting your own data through web scraping, aggregating sales knowledge, etc. do this, you’ll look amazing if your data is ever useful. i’ve had my own proprietary data used in anti-trust cases, to justify investment decisions, and understand competitor decision making. having useful proprietary data is a great way to meet the c-suite in your first couple years at a firm. if you’re at a large firm you’re likely running some kind of sap system. in my experience these are painful to learn and there are usually just a few people who know how to pull information out. be that person. use the system, be able to quickly pull sales data with multiple qualifiers and dimensions (july sale prices and volumes shipped to montana sold in august). you’ll quickly be identified as a poweruser and your department vp will quickly know your name and come to you for data instead of sending in an it ticket. **in conclusion**, understanding where to find data is by far and away the most important skill to have as a commodities analyst. hoard actual data on your pc, but also hoard knowledge of what data is available, where it is, and what it is. a $5.00/bushel corn price will mean something different if it is the near-by futures contract, the new-crop contract, cash prices paid by all iowa farmers in june, or the price at an elevator in minnesota last friday. knowing whether relevant data is available, how fast you can access it, whether it’s trustworthy, and how fast you can analyze it to answer a question is 100 times more important than answering right away. but, for questions that come up frequently hoarding data and having it handy will give visitors an immediate answer and you’ll look like someone who knows your stuff. edit: formatting
for those trying to break into physical commodities... i've seen a bunch of posts over the last few weeks from different people all essentially asking the same question - how can i best position myself to break into/succeed in commodity trading. the questions are all slightly different, some are asking about the best degree, some are asking about additional skills that look good on a resume, some are asking about the best roles to target, and some are asking about how to become a trader. i'll try to clarify this topic now, caveat to this is that my background is in the metals space, but i'm fairly confident this applies across the commodity complex. any other senior people here on the energy/ags/softs side feel free to jump in if my advice would be different in your particular field. 1) you are not going to get a commercial role out of college. more to the point, you shouldn't want to get a commercial role out of college. too many people try to rush to commercial with eyes on a big bonus and flame out because they don't know enough. once you are a trader you will be given a very short rope so you want to make sure you are properly qualified before jumping into it. i'll say this as politely as i can - you can't really know anything about the industry as a 21/22 year old. it doesn't matter if you have a professor who told you you're the brightest they've seen. so much of commodity trading is learned on the job, so to think that you can jump from a degree to a commercial role is either arrogant or insane. 2) following on from this, if you are serious about a long term career that might end up in a trading role, you should be happy to target entry-level roles. middle-office (operator, scheduler, etc.) is the best bet because you are so involved in so many aspects of the business. you get exposure (depending on the company) to risk, finance, accounting, credit, front-office, and will learn the business from the ground up. if you can't get a role in the middle-office you shouldn't be shy about back-office. getting a foot in the door, asking questions to everyone you can without becoming annoying and generally being a sponge with information is crucial. finding a mentor in this industry that is willing to take the time and teach you is also worth its weight in gold. apply to grad schemes, but know that at the bigger trading shops they get literally thousands of applications and maybe offer 10-20 roles out each selection process. you should be working every angle possible - cold and warm contacts, emails, phone calls, linkedin, use any contact you have in the industry, ask people if you can buy them a coffee and pick their brain, call up and ask to speak to someone on the desk about their career. basically do whatever you can to build your network and develop connections in the industry. work with commodity-specific recruiters. a lot of recruiters are awful, but there are those that regularly place people at companies and know what you should have on your resume and where would be a good fit. this is a numbers game, and you should be prepared to get ignored a lot, but you only need one opening. you also shouldn't be only focusing on the majors/big trading houses. small to medium shops can be a great place to learn the business since they typically don't have the numbers of staff so your responsibilities might actually be more than if you were at a larger shop. 3) your degree is for the most part a means to an end, it's not going to matter whether you have a degree in a science based, maths-based, arts-based subject. are some subjects looked on more favorably than others, yes. but is it the be all end all, absolutely not. make smart choices about your degree but don't fret over small details. what you should be more focused on is can you have a conversation with someone without them feeling like you're an idiot, or smug, or arrogant, or a know-it-all. so much of hiring in commodities is based on whether someone wants to sit next to you for 9 hours a day without wanting to punch you. focus on being likeable and interesting, not the smartest. you should also be developing a genuine passion for the industry - you don't need to know the ins and outs, but if i ask you a question in an interview about where the industry might be headed, i don't want a response that tells me you just read a headline and that was it. no one is expecting you to come up with the next best trading idea, but they are expecting you to be able to have an opinion on current trends and the industry as a whole. speaking of degrees - masters in commodity trading...are they worth it? this really depends on the program. there are some like the msc at uni geneva that have great professors, and super high placement percentages, because you need to get an internship just to start the course. there are others that are frankly not worth the paper the degree is printed on. do your research, but if i was hiring and had the choice between someone with 1-2 years ops experience and someone with a masters in commodity trading i'd choose the person with actual experience every single time. 4) in terms of skills you want to be developing, far too many people worry about whether they need coding or not. is it a plus if you have it, sure. is it going to hold you back, not really unless you want to be a quant at a commodities fund or sit on an analyst desk coming up with s&d models. languages are a massive plus, but you also really need to focus on your soft skills. this is a relationship driven industry. if you can't develop relationships, even in the middle-office, you're not going to have a long career. you should also be practicing your interview skills. if you're working with a recruiter they should already be doing mock interviews with you, but get people you know to interview, the stranger they are to you the better. make yourself uncomfortable so that when you do finally get an interview you are familiar with the process and not sitting there a bag of nerves. 5) don't be industry specific. almost all of the skills you acquire at the start of your career will be 100% transferable across all commodities. are there nuances to each commodity, of course. but if you get focused on only getting into metals, or oil, or any other commodity, you are drastically narrowing the opportunities that are open to you. your main focus should be to get into any role in a commodities shop, on any commodity. get a grounding in the industry, if you're good at your job, you'll be desirable and you can worry about being specific later in your career. 6) the industry rewards being geographically mobile. this doesn't mean that you're definitely going to need to switch continents to land a job. but applying to roles outside of your current location helps to increase your chances. plus if you want a long career in this industry, be prepared to travel, a lot. alright, i think that's it for now but if i think of anything else major then i'll add it to the post. good luck to everyone trying to get into this industry, it is a fantastic space to be in, particularly at this time and there is plenty of opportunity, but it's also very competitive so just keep plugging away until you find your spot.
iama professional commodities trader.. ama title basically encapsulates it all. my mandate covers us power and gas markets. i manage physical and financial assets for a large trade house. would be happy to answer questions for you folks. things i won't respond to: hiring inquiries compensation specifics strategies employed/deployment other than that, it's slow for next couple of days. hope to clarify things you may have wondered about related to the career and field.
copper trader sold me sub-standard copper and mistreated my subordinate i am a large industrial buyer of copper based in mesopotamia. recently, i had problems with a new supplier based in ur. not only did he sell me substandard copper in violation of our contractual agreement, but when my subordinate contacted him to address the matter, he was highly offensive and mistreated my subordinate. this is unacceptable behavior. what recourse do i have in this situation? i have already informed the guilds. would appreciate any advice.
writing a book on oil trading i'm currently working on a book about the fundamentals of oil trading, drawing from my experience at two major physical trading houses, where i traded crude, fuel oil, and relative value paper across the barrel. the book is aimed at newcomers and those in the early stages of their careers, with a focus on explaining the key concepts in a straightforward, non-academic way. i’d love to hear if there are any specific questions or topics you'd like covered—things that could help demystify oil trading for you. this will help me ensure the book is as practical and helpful as possible!
how to become a good commodities analyst (part deux) this is part deux in my how to be a good commodities analyst series. the first was well received ([find it here]( and focused on, in my opinion, the most important fundamental skill required to be a good analyst: learning where data is, what it means, and how you should store that data. in this entry, i’ll start conceptually about our industry and our role as analysts, build a foundation of how markets should work, and explain how the basis of our job is to explain why they didn’t, aren’t, or won’t work like they should. #####our industry and our role as analysts we’ll start more theoretically for a moment about our industry. commodities exist in a unique and extremely important position in the global economy. we are the building blocks of literally everything made. there is no louis vuitton without the cattle industry, there is no gmc without iron ore mining, and there is no amazon without global freight. without commodities there are no finished goods. this means commodities are traded at volumes that are orders of magnitude larger than finished products. since our products are defined by an adherence to a universal standard, there are low barriers to entry and marginal cost is the primary decision factor behind transactions. in layman’s terms, anyone who has a commodity that adheres to its minimum specs at the lowest price gets to sell all their product. this is called marginal willingness to sell. conversely a business willing to pay more than the prevailing price will get to buy all they want. this is the marginal willingness to buy. we’ll revisit these later. as analysts, it’s our job to do something that is impossible: predict markets. i mean this without a hint of irony. because our markets *usually* have low barriers to entry, low transaction costs, a high number of participants, and transparent transactions they *should* be about as close to a no-arbitrage market as theoretically possible. this means that any information that affects price will immediately be acted upon and that information a) becomes public and worthless or b) exploited, incorporated into the prevailing price, and become worthless. the structure of our no-arbitrage market means it is impossible to predict prices of any commodity with any kind of predictable accuracy (there are exceptions, but that’s another discussion). the reason we’re paid to try is twofold. one, without analysis, our bosses and stakeholders don’t have good reasons to make market decisions. analysts spend time understanding the prevailing price, its drivers, and making assumptions about how those factors may change over the investment window. they then present those to their bosses for them to make decisions. two, as long as our stakeholders don’t make the **opposite** decision of their competitors, they don’t look bad. if we do our job right and our contemporaries at competing companies do the job in a similar way, our bosses will make roughly the right choice most of the time. or if not, they have a paper trail of reasoning why they made a decision. that does not mean you’re the fall guy if things go sour, a good boss will shield you from being a scapegoat. though it does mean you have more responsibility than your paycheck probably reflects. as a rule, if a competitor diverted from your firm’s prevailing thinking and beat the market your superiors will think they were lucky before smart. if they trailed market performance, they were dumb before unlucky. if your company beat the market, you were smart before lucky. if your firm underperformed against the market, you were unlucky before dumb. in reality, everyone is (un)lucky before dumb/smart. don’t be afraid to be wrong. we’re all wrong, all the time. in my experience my superiors are forward looking, have a short memory, and very rarely conduct post-mortem analysis. commodities markets move quickly, randomly, and the assumptions that support your analysis are invalid the moment you hit send. #####how markets should work all that being said, how *should* commodity markets work? the price of a commodity is the intersection of supply and demand. with commodities, this often includes the price at a location and at a delivery time. this equals the marginal cost of supply + freight + local costs + time risk/cost of capital + transaction costs. for instance, the fob price of corn at new orleans in 20 days *should be* the cash price at an elevator on the mississippi river + up/through onto a barge + barge freight down to nola + up/through onto a vessel + the price risk for the 20+ days while product is in transit. most of the time you can assume transaction costs are zero. an example where transaction costs are not zero would be any transaction subject to actual or the threat of tariffs or countervailing duties or import taxes. why should markets work this way? that’s econ 101, and we won’t get into it. our job as analysts is to explain why markets didn’t, aren’t, or won’t act that way using the data we hoarded in my part one. #####didn’t, aren’t, or won’t in my experience, my stakeholders care most about won’t, second about aren’t, and forget about why markets didn’t act as expected. when trying to answer these questions, you should leverage three assumptions: occam's razor, random walk, and asymmetrical information. * occam’s razor when performing analysis on something as complex as commodities, i feel it’s incredibly important to differentiate between noise and driving factors. this is where occam’s razor comes in, which states that the answer that depends on the fewest assumptions is likely to be the correct one. identify the factors in your market that account for most of the price movement. in grains, i look at us production, brazil production, and chinese consumption. changes to the assumptions behind those three factors probably account for 80% of market movements. as such, i spend 80% of my time analyzing factors that affect those outcomes. does the indian monsoon outlook affect international grain trade? sure. is it the reason corn went up $0.03/bu yesterday? almost always no. do this for every line in your s&d balances. find the few most important drivers and attempt to analyze and predict those. you obviously need to be aware of the secondary and tertiary drivers, but don’t overweight your time on those because they’re unlikely to be market movers over any investment window. * random walk commodities prices are by definition the weighted average intersection between the marginal willingness to sell and the marginal willingness to buy. at any moment, that intersection may be driven by hedge funds looking for alpha, commercial buyers hedging for their business, or elon musk tweeting a meme. since jan 1, 2000 a full 84% of nearby oil contracts have closed within 3% of the previous close, more than would be expected with a normal distribution. sometimes, prices just move because motivations are fickle and market movement is unusual. if prices move within normal ranges, occam’s razor says it’s noise. * asymmetrical information if markets are moving and it’s not obvious why, assume someone else knows more than you and the market has temporarily moved away from a no-arbitrage market. if your boss is muttering, “why would they do that? they’re idiots!”, that’s a red flag and a bull horn that says you need to dive into your models and start identifying factors that explain the behavior. hypothesize what might make a company act a certain way and then dive into your rolodex of data that you’ve hoarded (part one) and start making connections. don’t go to your stake holders and say something like, “company x is selling today because they have high inventory”. whomever you’re telling already knows that. if you can correlate or corroborate that behavior with data, you’re a superstar. further, you’re made a new model that can be updated and used to predict future conditions. as the famous quote by w. edwards deming goes, “in god we trust. all others must bring data.” creativity is a huge part of being a good analyst. make connections between datasets that haven’t been made before. using a personal example, my firm was getting hammered by asymmetrical trades at a clearinghouse. someone was selling small volumes at steadily declining prices that were incongruent with prevailing market expectations. i used a dataset that included the names of traders with physical inventory, where the inventory came from, and when it was delivered. on its own, that data is valuable. i combined it with a pricing series and made assumptions about when traders had inventory in-transit to the clearinghouse. it turns out, prices were overwhelmingly likely to decline when just three firms had inventory in-transit to the clearinghouse. prices while everyone else had inventory in-transit had average returns. i didn’t know why, but i presented those results to my vp. turns out, the volume that was in-transit for those three firms was priced on delivery. they pushed prices down with low volume transactions until their large shipments were delivered, after which they pushed prices higher. that analysis had never been done before and my results ended up before the bod to help explain prices. we weren’t unlucky, and our competitors weren’t stupid. i brought data to explain a behavior. #####conclusion that’s what being a good analyst is. understand your market and how it should work in a no-arbitrage environment. forecast how the market should evolve using those assumptions. then, make assumptions about why the market might deviate from those assumptions and reiterate your forecast. when markets don’t work as they should or as you’ve forecasted, revisit your data and find new factors. bring data with well defined assumptions to your stakeholders and present your results. they will take that information and make the best decisions for the firm based on those conditions. if we do our jobs well, they won’t make the obviously wrong decision. edit: formatting
how to become a commodity trader i see a lot of posts asking about how to break into commodities so i will share my experience. i work as a trader in agriculture markets, but i would bet this translates to other commodities. step 1: move to the middle of nowhere and take an entry level job. i had to move far from home and take a job as a merchandiser to get started. to get your foot in the door you have to do what others dont want to do, and often live where a lot of people don’t want to live. step 2: work entry level jobs for a few years. you can’t just become a trader, you have to learn the nitty gritty details of the business first. you won’t become a successful commodities trader without knowing how the supply chain works. step 3: move a couple more times, and learn more about the business. rotating through a few roles seems common in commodities. knowing different areas of the business gives you a strong foundation. step 4: if you make it this far and are still in the business, eventually you will come across an opening on a trading desk. take it, and provide value to the guy in charge. once he trusts you, you will get more and more responsibility in the trading decisions of the company. i don’t think commodities trading is as glamorous as people think. it’s a competitive business and the only way to learn is from the ground up. it doesn’t really matter what you studied in college, what matters is the willingness to do what others won’t. it is an interesting career path with lots of opportunity, but it’s not a get rich quick career. this is just one man’s experience, i am sure there are other ways. good luck, cb
and then there is this guy... "how this 31-year-old made $250mn in 30 months" christopher eppinger kept trading russian oil when sanctions meant others stopped. [ makes me wonder why he's going public, ego or to cover his arse?
the great copper arbitrage of 2025: a trader’s playbook *how a tariff scare created, and then erased a once-in-a-lifetime trade between cme and lme copper.* historically, the arbitrage between cme and lme copper prices has ranged from flat to around $150/mt in either direction. the difference in price between the two copper markets is largely driven by the different supply and demand pictures between the us - where physical copper contracts utilize the cme for pricing - and the rest of the world, where the lme is utilized for physical copper contracts. occasionally you would get spikes above this range, often linked to backwardations on one of the markets, some organic and some influenced by traders. then a couple of times in recent years there have been some drastic moves that have driven the arb much wider than its normal range, where speculative traders have been caught in short squeezes. however, these squeezes are relatively short-lived. once traders have exited their positions, the market calms down and regular business resumes. what we saw on the cme/lme copper arbitrage between february and august 2025 was unprecedented. both in outright value, trade opportunity, and duration. # the trump 232 catalyst in february 2025, donald trump announced a **section 232** investigation into copper imports to the usa via an executive order. this investigation has been used before on steel and aluminum products, that resulted in steep tariffs being applied to imports for those metals. given trump's penchant for tariffs, the market took this announcement to mean that tariffs on copper imports were imminent. the question at that time was not if, but *when* and *how high* the tariffs would be. the us consumes around 1.7 million tons of refined copper each year, and of that demand, imports around 900,000mt (2024). the vast majority of these imports are from chile, canada, and peru. the 232 investigation was to be completed within 270 days, and then the president would have an additional 90 days after the 270-day investigation concludes to decide what tariff level was appropriate. however, traders did not wait to start making trades on the prospect of tariffs. the cme/lme copper arbitrage jumped in a matter of days to a cme premium over lme of **$800/mt**. # why copper reacted differently to aluminum but why was cme copper now being pushed higher? when the tariffs were announced on aluminum the cme aluminum price did not sky rocket. the difference on copper is that the cme copper contract is a **duty paid, customs cleared** contract. in order to deliver copper into a cme warehouse, the product must be cleared for domestic consumption in the us. however, you can deliver copper warrants to the lme duty unpaid, customs uncleared. the aluminum contract on **both** the lme and cme is **duty unpaid, customs uncleared**. where the tariff was felt in the aluminum market was in a drastic increase in the us **premium**. on copper, the outright price of cme copper was reflecting the *potential* import tariff cost. $800/mt is a sizeable difference for two essentially identical products. in fact there are plenty of copper brands that are deliverable to both lme and cme warehouses. physical traders saw this opportunity and grabbed it with both hands. an arbitrage trade for physical material is necessary to move your futures short position from your purchase market to your intended sale market. in this example, traders would: * buy physical priced on the lme/sell lme futures * sell physical priced on the cme/buy cme futures * execute an arb trade selling cme futures/buying lme futures * this squares their lme short position and cme long, and allows them to capture the value between the cme and the lme. if traders could buy physical copper outside of the us that was priced on the lme, they could then transport that copper to the us and either sell it to a physical consumer, or (if it was a cme brand of copper) deliver it to a cme warehouse as warrants. this would give them the physical positions needed to execute the arbitrage and lock in their profits. let's say a trader could pay a physical premium in europe for cme branded copper of $100/mt. with logistics costs to move metal from in-warehouse europe (or any other row location) to a cme warehouse location in the us with port access (such as new orleans or baltimore) of around $100-150/mt, traders were looking at p&ls in the range of $600/mt based on an $800 arb level. all they had to do was get the material to the us **before** any tariffs were implemented. given the 270 day horizon for the investigation to finish and the additional 90 days for trump to decide, traders got to work buying up copper and preparing to ship to the us. that kind of profit on a refined metal trade is nearly unheard of. what followed was a scramble to buy as much refined copper cathode as traders could finance that was priced on the lme. cathode premiums for purchases in row started to move up as sellers looked to capture the increased demand. they did not increase to the level of the arbitrage because there was still risk in this trade. if tariffs came in before traders could get material to the us then profits would disappear (more on that later), but sellers of cathode were still in a position to capitalize. concurrently, us refined copper premiums were falling off a cliff as traders looked to book as many physical shorts as possible. not every copper producer is eligible for cme delivery, so in order to really take full advantage, traders needed physical consumers as delivery points in addition to the cme warehouses. with every new rumor that came out, the cme/lme arbitrage level oscillated up and down, but the general trend was the cme premium pushing ever higher over the lme. the cme price moved up to *$1000/mt* over the lme, then *$1200*, then *$1500*. as trump continued to deliver on his promises of protectionism, including vast across the board tariffs on pretty much every nation globally (ironically known as liberation day in april), the market was convinced a copper tariff was inevitable. rumors of hundreds of thousands of tons being moved from row to the us on container and bulk vessels, as traders were now locking in profits of over $1000/mt as long as the metal arrived before tariffs were implemented. at one point there were even traders that looked into chartering cargo planes to **fly** copper to the us. in june, commerce secretary lutnick delivered the report earlier than required. the conclusion was that copper imports threaten national security and tariffs were recommended. at this point the trade became both increasingly profitable, and increasingly risky. the arbitrage was pushing to levels of $2000/mt cme over lme. however, given how quickly trump had been acting on tariffs, there was a real danger that a trader could buy material, lock in the arb, but fail to get material to the us before tariffs were implemented. even at a $2000/mt arb level, if a tariff of 25% was implemented, the **import cost** for cathode would rise to \~$2500 with a copper price of around $10,000/mt at the time. in this case, the trader would now be losing +$500/mt if they were to import metal to the us. their alternatives were not great either. they could of course buy lme material, ship it to the us, and not execute arb. this would give them greater flexibility in diverting the material should tariffs be implemented prior to arrival. however, if tariffs failed to materialize, the arb would likely decrease and their profits to deliver to the us would disappear. they could also execute arb, and still hope to get material to the us in time. but if they failed to, they would face a decision to import and pay the tariff, with the hope that the level was lower than their executed arbitrage. or, re-route vessels and unwind their arb trade at whatever the market was at the time. both of these options would likely be costly. but by and large, traders still thought that this was a risk worth taking and more material flowed to the us. by this point enough material had been successfully delivered to the us that traders' mindset was "if we get burned on these last few shipments we're still extremely profitable so the risk is still worth it". # the 50% shock on july 8th president trump makes an off-hand comment in a cabinet meeting. while off-the-cuff remarks by trump are fairly standard, this one sent shockwaves through the copper market. trump announced a **blanket 50% tariff on copper imports**. at that point he did not state when the tariff would be implemented but cme copper prices did not wait to find out. they rocketed up 17% in the space of a few minutes after the announcement. when the lme opened for trading the following day, the arb reached levels of over **$3000/mt**. for traders that were waiting to book their arb trades, they were now executing at profit levels of over $2500/mt, a once in a lifetime trade. the following day, it was confirmed that copper tariffs would go into effect on august 1st. this gave traders a 3 week window to move as much material as they could to the us to avoid paying import duties and still retain their profits. arb levels were still not at the 50% of the cme copper price that you might expect, as there was a lot of talk that there would be exemptions, quotas, or that the levels of 50% would be cut to 25%, which is approximately the level the arb floated at for the next few weeks. as we approached the august deadline, chile, one of the main suppliers of cathode to the us, floated the idea that chilean imports would be exempt. this rumor brought the arb down from $3000/mt to around $2500/mt. this was also the stage that rumors began flying that tariffs may not be as blanket as originally thought. there may be different tariffs on different categories of copper. there was also a quiet confidence that the 50% level was not realistic based on the inflationary ramifications it would have, and that 25% seemed to be the consensus. # the twist on july 30th trump surprised markets by announcing the final tariffs details two days early. the shock in the announcement was that refined copper cathode would be entirely **exempt** from import duties. instead, semi-finished copper products (copper pipes, wires, rods, sheets, and tubes) and copper-intensive derivative products (pipe fittings, cables, connectors, and electrical components) would have the full 50% tariff enforced. the impact of the announcement was as immediate as the cabinet meeting 50% comment. but this time the effect was in the opposite direction. cme copper dropped over $1/lb ($2200/mt) in a straight line - the biggest one-day decline on record. the impact on the cme/lme copper arbitrage was just as violent. from trading at levels of $2500/mt cme over lme just one day prior, when the lme opened up for trading on july 31st, the arbitrage had moved to flat (cme and lme copper were the same price). in fact for a brief time the lme actually traded at a **premium** to the cme. traders that had metal on the water were no longer at risk of paying an import duty upon arrival. so for those that had locked in arb trades already, their profits were secured once the copper reached the us. however, for those traders that were waiting to lock in arb - perhaps believing in the 50% tariff number and waiting to achieve arb levels of $5000/mt or more, they were now faced with a drastic decrease in profits. because the arbitrage was now trading flat, there was no benefit to delivering the metal to a cme short. their potential profits of 1000s of dollars per ton was wiped out in an instant. as the saying goes...pigs get slaughtered. so what is the fallout from this 6-month will-they-won't-they and the actual implemented tariffs? first, it would appear there was a sizeable amount of metal that traders were indeed waiting to execute arbitrage trades on. rumors that lme warehouses are no longer taking bookings for warrants due to traders rushing to deliver copper and filling up warehouse space. without the enormous profit levels that were on offer previously, traders can't afford to keep financing this metal. they need physical homes asap and warranting in an lme warehouse is the quickest way to reduce positions. secondly, the highs in the outright price of copper where even lme was testing $10k while cme was setting all-time-highs appear to be over for now. this trade was never about an actual increase in global demand for copper but traders taking advantage of an anomaly that has come and gone. how much this weakness spills over into the rest of the complex remains to be seen but there was certainly a bearish mood last week across the board. premiums on copper in the row are likely to fall as demand to bring material to the us disappears. at the same time, cathode premiums in the us are likely to remain depressed for the foreseeable as there is now a glut of copper freely available. until that metal makes its way through the system importers will have to compete and it will remain a buyer's market. this event has undoubtedly created some huge profits for the traders that were willing to take the risk and had the capability to move metal around the world. but it has also highlighted the often day-to-day, sometimes even second-by-second nature of physical commodities. the ability to react to an ever-changing global picture, that is often influenced not just by supply and demand but by geopolitical impacts, is essential to success in this industry.
just got hired at axe capital. dreams come true. after years of grinding spreadsheets and pretending to care about p&l, i’ve officially joined axe capital. the biggest hedge fund in ny they said i “have a killer instinct" the ceo bobby “axe” axelrod started as a working-class kid from yonkers, now runs one of the most awesome hedge funds in the world. net worth? multi billion dollars, can afford a country himself he’s a genius trader with the emotional stability of a crypto chart. one moment he’s donating $100 million to charity, the next he’s shorting the same charity’s endowment for fun. the espresso machine in the office costs more than my car. the guy next to me shorted a small country before lunch. and hr told me “morality is optional but profits are mandatory.” wish me luck. i’m either gonna make it big... or end up in a federal investigation.
recently, this sub has become quite unreadable just a little funny to me. i've been lurking for longer than i've posted and previously there were genuinely great discussions about trends in commodity markets, how various actors and their actions affected or will affect various markets, and just generally a decent vibe. i was able to gather some really nice insights, with some of them being actionable or reaffirming. but recently, most new posts fall into one of two categories 1) "i like money and i have done zero research but i want to get into trading because i heard trading makes me money. i am the first person to think like this so let me just post" 2) "i am a student and want to get into trading because i either watched billions or read twfs. let me ask what my personal chances are and how i can proceed with two paragraphs of information" i say this with love in my heart - if you're asking how to get into trading, you are not the type of person that will succeed on a floor. you must be self sufficient and look for information on your own. would you go to your boss and just constantly tell him problems and expect him to solve shit for you? no! the m.o. for any professional is to go ask for help iff you've come across multiple solutions to your problem and need advice on how to filter that down.
could you help expand my list of commodity trading companies in europe that offer junior or graduate positions? i just wanted to let you know that there are numerous different types of companies on the list. some are oil majors, some are huge trading houses, some are utilities and some are small power trading firms. many of them offer yearly graduate positions in different locations, while others only occasionally offer junior positions. nevertheless, i hope this list will be helpful. feel free to add further companies, if you know any. * bp * shell * totalenergies * exxonmobil * sefe marketing and trading * equinor * outlook energy * eni * edf trading * centrica * rwe * uniper * e-on * statkraft * dare * onyx * glencore * trafigura * gunvor * louis dreyfus * cargill * bunge * adm * cofco * viterra * vattenfall * castleton commodities * hartree partners * danske commodities * norlys energy trading * nitor energy * energi danmark * incommodities * mft energy * convex energy * stx group * act commodities * northpool * eneco * triland metals * engelhart * energia group (belfast) * macquarie group
how much do commodity traders actually get paid? hi. i am currently an intern on a trading desk at an investment bank (not commodities) in london but i have recently been researching into commodities trading and it has definitely intrigued me and made me think more about the career path i want to take.
if you are a new intern on a trading desk then beware of recruiters. when i was an intern on prop gas trading desk i started receiving calls very early on from recruiters. the first stupid thing i started believing was that finally i am the 1% candidate that people chase and i will never have to worry about finding another job as i have endless opportunities. someone who started in back office this was a self esteem boost and this over inflated my ego. putting philosophy aside i just want to say that this industry is always shrinking so there is almost never a point when you are the prize. recruiters called me to get information about my trading desk. initially they told me that they are recruiting for a trading team and creating a pipeline of candidates to start next year. this could be true but the main aim is that they get the information out of you for the senior in your team. my false sense of security became a problem when i was applying for roles and did not get response from hiring managers at the end of my internship. my desk did not perform well so they couldn't extend me a permanent offer. to summarize: stay grounded. be careful when communicating with recruiters. there are good recruiters also so don't shut yourself down to everyone. just be careful. edit: name recruiters with whom you had bad experience.
i’m a junior trader hi guys hope all is well. i'm a junior trader in energy commodities, focusing on natural gas and emissions. recently, our natural gas quant analyst left, and i've been tasked with his responsibilities. specifically, i need to model how changes in weather extremes will affect gas demand in china. this involves building a supply and demand model for china, as we want to analyze gas inventories and lng imports to price changes in the european gas market. while countries like japan and south korea also demand lng, they aren't building new terminals and don't show the same demand growth as china. therefore, my focus is on the variable factors affecting china's demand. can anyone recommend modelling techniques or research papers to help me get back up to speed and use in my python code. thankyou in advance
is it just me or this sub is getting more and more active? i joined a few months ago and in the last couple months i noticed an increasing number of posts and interesting discussions. do you think the industry is getting more and more well-known and mainstream? or is it just people realising this sub exist? whichever of them holds i'm happy with these developments.
physical gas trading i have seen a lot of people who want to get into physical gas trading. i had a lot of people help me a long the way and it wasn’t easy coming from a small school. i would like to pay it forward. would y’all be interested if i talked about the basics of gas?
regression/ml modeling in commodities currently delving into a python project to build a fully automatable u.s. s&d model for crude. i'm using the eia api to quickly pull and filter data but i'm struggling with what data to actually use as inputs for the model. should i use both supply and demand data as inputs or is just inventories fine? i guess i'm struggling with what the best practice actually is...i know using rolling regressions is somewhat commonplace in s&t at banks but can any traders or analysts comment on what kind of inputs i should be using, what kind of ml model makes the most sense, key things to keep in mind when creating such a model, etc. i don't want to create anything overly complicated just a bit lost on what sort of analysis is actually considered valuable on the trade floor. thanks!
can someone explain what it means when the crude oil futures curve looks like this? 12 months cl contract curve
energy trader - books to read dear readers, i would like to read some books related to energy trading, as natural gas, lng, oil, electricity. my objective is to work for an energy trading firm in europe. i have 4+ years of operations experience in the natural gas transportation sector and know some commercial parts related to that: matching, balancing etc. any suggestion? appreciate it. p.s.: i found this book interesting, but is for the american market mostly: [
i spent my weekend licking batteries, can i be a power trader? like the title says, i’ve spent the last few days licking 9 volt batteries and now my hair is standing on edge. how many more volts do i need to start trading power?
vitol traders "aren't motivated by money" says their ceo. but there is this: $6.5 billion to their traders they are the "kings". 'getting to trade for them is like becoming a doctor: you'll have to "clean a lot of bed pans in training" before they let you in the operating theater. one doesn't just walk in and start trading 10, 2,000,000 bbl ulccs. one starts in coding, contracts, scheduling or risk, doing grunt work, learning the business, solving problems or improving processes to get "noticed" and then one day you're picked out of the un-social group and taught "the secret sauce" of their business but don't get to revved up about "making money". it's sort of vulgar in a way for them. [
former commodity traders that transitioned out of trading, what do you do now and what sparked the change? learnt that glencore’s head of analytics was a successful trader before transitioning to lead analytics at glencore. with so many people gunning for the trader title, curious to know about the people who have gone the opposite way.
those working in power trading, what’s your day like? if possible, please also state what type of company you work for (utility, ipp, prop firm, hedge fund, etc.) and what your role is. i’m curious what your day is like in power trading
agriculture commodities trader - ama i trade on an us grains and oilseeds export desk at a global trade house. ama. using a throwing away account for anonymity due to maybe sharing proprietary information. >thanks all for the questions hope you found it insightful
what technical skills are normally expected for commodity graduate/junior positions? how much should candidates know about the industry's intricacies? how much should they follow the market? what about trading with derivatives or hedging? what about risk management? also, i am interested in all 'company classes': majors (shell, bp), trading houses (trafi, gunvor), utilities (rwe, edf) or even the agri abcds. this is such a fascinating industry, but it is so hard to determine how to prepare for interviews/applications. many thanks for any insights!
building “commodity atlas” --- a live, interactive way to learn and visualize fundamentals of commodities hi everyone.. we are currently developing a web application called commodity atlas and love to get your feedback and ideas as we are nearing the end of creating the product. this project is born out of our own frustration...while there are plenty of data for stock traders, there's no intuitive, visually engaging tool for learning about and exploring the fundamentals of commodities, their life cycle, geographical distribution, global impact, and economic connections. instead of just data, we want people to fundamentally understand where each commodity is mined, produced, refined, and consumed, major exporters/importers and supply chains and companies involved in each stage of the commodity lifecycle, connections between commodities, forex markets, and financial instruments, overview of factors that affect commodity prices (supply, demand, macro events) the idea is to make learning about commodities as intuitive. i’ve attached a couple of screenshots from the product we are developing. it’s early-stage, but the core functionality is already there — dynamic maps, commodity details, listed company integration, and some early visualizations. we need your feedback since many of you are traders, analysts, or just commodity curious, we love to know, 1. what do you think of the application? 2. what features would you like to see? 3. are there other tools or apps you already use that you'd want this to complement or improve upon? you can be brutally honest...it’ll help us a lot. thanks in advance!
most important thing to know about commodity trading? hello i might start a job in the sales department of a commodity & derivatives trading company later this year. problem is, though, that i have absolurtely zero experience with finance, trading and commodities. what, in your opinion, is the most important thing to know in the industry? if you can recommend some sources to learn, i'd be very grateful. i've started listening to some podcasts and am trying to compile a reading list but it's slow going. i know i am a fish out of water, but the ceo of the company really wants me for the job so i suppose i must have something that makes me at least a little bit suitable. i'd like to do my best not to dissapoint. thanks edit: i'll also have to take the cisi exams
book recommendations: already read world for sale i have 11 days off in the beginning of july, looking for some poolside reading. please share recommendations for books for someone that has already read and enjoyed world for sale, hoping for something similar.
best time of day for an ama in a couple of weeks i’ll be hosting an ama where people can ask me advice/questions about: breaking into the commodity industry, physical commodity trading/derivative commodity trading/commodity education/my experience in the industry/book writing/any other topic. question for the community - what time of day works for the widest number of people to benefit? i’ll be hosting from est so just put what time zone you’re in and i’ll work out best timing from there.
why did glencore choose to go public aren’t commodity trading houses usually known for keeping a low profile? going public and releasing financial reports seems totally against that mindset. currently i read “the world for sale”, traders, whatever they are from glencore, marc rich’s or trafigura, kept mentioning they didn’t want their financials or trading activities to be exposed to outsiders. even now, trafigura hasn’t listed. so why did glencore decide to go public, wasn’t that kind of tying its own hands?
who makes more money: hedge fund traders or commodity traders at top firms? i’ve been wondering about this and would love to hear insights from people in the industry. who tends to make more money as a trader: -> a hedge fund trader at firms like millennium, point72, jane street, optiver, imc, drw or -> a commodity trader at top trading houses like glencore, trafigura, vitol? curious how comp, bonuses, and long-term career earnings compare between these two paths.
best books on physical commodity trading? hey all, i’m after insights on real-world trading strategies, market dynamics, supply chains, or anything that breaks down the nuts and bolts of the industry beyond the basics. what books have you found genuinely valuable for understanding physical commodities? appreciate any leads. thanks.
do traders actually use satellite data? and would a 2-5% accuracy lift matter? hi everyone, i'm a researcher (quantum ml) working on new computer vision models, applied to ag satellite analysis (corn, soy, palm, etc.). our models are showing a *potential* 2-5 percentage point accuracy lift over standard satellite forecasts in yield estimation. but before we spend more time into this, we're trying to figure out if this *actually* matters to practitioners. i have a few honest questions for any traders, analysts, or quants here: 1. do you/your desk *actually* pay for proprietary satellite data, or do you mostly just trade off usda/official reports? or other alternative data ? 2. if you *do* use it, is a 2-5pp accuracy lift in accuracy enough to switch providers ? 3. if not, what is the pain point with satellite data, and why is it not worth it ? i'm not selling anything. just trying to validate if we're working on a real problem or just a "cool" academic one. thanks for any perspective.
nat gas trader but i see no "career path" **hello everyone,** looking for some career advice. **some context first:** i joined a shipper five years ago as a natural gas middle-office analyst, and somehow managed to transition into a physical natural gas trading role. this path is actually pretty common in companies like mine—very few people start directly as gas traders. the typical route is more like scheduling → trading or risk → trading. i’ve been trading physical natural gas in europe for about 18 months now. my exposure is limited to european markets—no henry hub, no aeco, just a bit of jkm here and there. the role is mostly focused on commercial hedging, not prop trading. most of the division’s revenue comes from commercial contracts. the job itself feels quite "closed": in the morning, we submit spread orders; in the afternoon, we try to close open positions at the price index used for delivery. it can get challenging—tracking all open positions across hubs and balancing everything to the mwh—but there’s not much of a research component. we already know the volumes we need to handle based on commercial contracts. often, clients change their volumes, and we have to rebalance. ttf is relatively straightforward, but some hubs can get messy—like when the french strikes happened and i had to balance 100,000 mwh, or when etrm systems bust and i need to contact the tso to get track of nominations. **concerns** : there’s no real "alpha" generation in the role, and i don’t have access to the company’s assets to do any speculative or structured trading. maybe that part comes with experience, but i’m not sure. my concern is that this kind of position could be at risk in the future. it’s stressful, sure, but it’s not rocket science. i’m thinking the best move might be to start doing research/analysis in my spare time, since i can’t really dig into data during work hours. not that there aren’t slow periods, but building a script or doing proper analysis takes 3–4 hours of deep focus, which is hard to come by when you have to constantly monitor physical nominations. i started when i was 24 so i'm reaching 30 soon, so quite old. that's why i'm thinking a lot about my future in the industry. happy to take dm for advice. :)
ama - european energy prop trader hi all, i'm fairly new to reddit, just trying to do my part and connect with the community. i'm a paper trader for the european energy complex, primarly brent bastket + emmissions but periodaclly i do take expsore in ttf. seeing as there a lot of young talent is looking to find their way in trading world. i thought i'd see what i can do to support and share my insights pass on general guidance! feel free to ask and i'll reply as best as i can. >off for now. happy to continue answering questions as best i can over the coming days :) thank you all for the pleasant idea exchange & i hope it provided some help.
anyone done a good few years and moved out of a trading role? really exhausted from high touch trading on a lean team. basically working two jobs doing all the tech and trading (client and spec). money is decent but no time to spend it or go to the gym. eat lunch at my desk and work all 3 windows. have some offers as a senior ba/advisor on commodity systems on not bad money and a great (normal) work life balance. i know traders think about it but want to see if anyone has made the move.
who are some good oil & gas analysts to follow on twitter? thanks
grain short covering (commitments of traders update) it's obvious to anyone in the grain markets that there have been some bullish developments for the past several weeks...starting from russian weather to brazilian flooding and us planting delays (too wet - although it is not a disaster yet). this has been reflected well when looking at prices, but also when looking at the commitments of traders (cot) report. just this week the commitments of traders report showed the funds swing their net position by about +300,000 futures contracts across the major grains and oilseed futures. this is huge for the ag complex and we even saw a \*record\* net short covering in soybean futures by over \~107 thousand contracts. we're only bringing this up to the group because we are seeing the funds (smart money) that trade supply and demand get less bearish about grains and that could be a developing story over the next 1-6 months with plenty of opportunity for traders to reposition themselves as bulls. below is a recap of the positions and the net changes week to week (position as of tuesday may 7th) corn -102,513 (+115,527) soybeans -41,453 (+107,783 record change) wheat (minneapolis) -3,010 (+6,284) wheat (kansas city) -24,013 (+5,597) wheat (chicago) -42,360 (+5,507) click here to see the full breakdown and then choose which commodity if you want to see charts for each respective grain or oilseed futures contract -> [commitments of traders report - fund positions overview](
uranium: the train is leaving the station ​ ​ hi everyone, i hope you had a great week! our small community is growing fast and i can’t express how grateful i am to share my thoughts with each and every one of you. [share the road out of serfdom]( in this week’s installment of the road out of serfdom, we will discuss a question that i get asked all the time. how long do we need to wait to see the real bull market begin? as if the last 6 months were not interesting enough already. that being said, i think it is important that investor have a mental map of what the next 2 to 5 years in uranium equities in order to pace themselves along the way and take full advantage of this bull market. therefore, i will explain the next 2-5 years into the following catalysts: 1. uranium strategic reserves from the department of energy in the usa 2. sprott acquisition of the upc 3. utilities long-term contracting [subscribe now]( **step 1-strategic reserves** in 2020, the government approved for the year 2021, the fiscal year ends in september in the usa, to purchase 75 million usd worth of [uranium]( the congress is also working towards a 10 years strategic resource of anywhere between 150million usd per year to 300 million usd per year. the idea behind this initiative is that the current prices are too low to incentivize the production of uranium in the usa. without going into the political details of why this is important for the biden administration, this reserve was already in place in the 70s-80s which lead to the usa being the #1 producer, developer, and consumer of uranium in the world. this position has significantly been weakened since 2012 given the abundance of uranium, fukushima, the growth of nuclear in china, and the uneconomic nature of the deposits, at current prices, of uranium in the usa. speaking to paul goranson and mark chalmers, which are both of the opinions that the rfp (request for proposal or bid) will set the price of the contract for this year between 60$ to 70$ per lbs. the government will want to focus on uranium owned and produced in the usa. a quick calculation will drive you to the conclusion that the government will ask to contract for delivery between 1 million lbs to 1.25 million lbs. which company can currently deliver this? energy fuels has around 700,000 lbs of uranium, uec has 550,000 uranium with their recent purchase but will increase to 2.1 million lbs by december 2022, ur-energy has about 280,000 lbs, peninsula has about 20,000 lbs. cameco (oftentimes forgotten but cameco has 3 isr pants on c&m in the usa), encore, azarga, virginia resources, and anfield, western, and laramide do not hold any such assets but could all, to a certain degree, get back into production or advance their projects into production. concerning uec, given that they purchased their inventory on the spot market and we do not know the origin of that uranium, i would not be so sure that they can sell it to the government as i expect there will be very strict guidelines such as american produced uranium by an american producer or a company owning american assets. if that is the case, then energy fuel and ur-energy will be the first beneficiary. depending on when the delivery needs to be, this can open up the door to near-term producers to get back into production. i hate to have to rely on a government to begin the cycle of long-term contracting but that will definitely help as it will dry out any leftover us inventory and entice new production. **step 2- the new sprott market \*\* spot market\*\*** the recent acquisition of upc from sprott will allow the retail market to buy physical uranium. let’s recap what will happen. upc used to be this fund created to have exposure to uranium prices through the physical holding of uranium. it used to be that the manager of the fund, denison up until sprott took over, would issue share for cash to purchase physical uranium when the premium to net asset value was about 20%. first, sprott will have this new vehicle listed on the nyse allowing for greater liquidity from the biggest financial market in the world. second, sprott’s management has a track record of successfully managing and marketing the physical silver trust, pslv, and the gold physical trust phys, to their +200,000 customers. third, sprott will issue shares every time the net assets value is at a premium to shares to buy more physical uranium. they will also do the reverse when the nav is at a discount. this effect will put a lot more pressure on the spot market and entice, even more, utilities to contract. while step 1 is a 6 to 18 months process, step number 2 will begin having an effect on the spot market in the next 3 to 6 months and ongoing after that. for an in-depth explanation of the subject, i suggest justin’s interview with jake. for an understanding of what happened in the last bull market when upc launched the prospectus, i suggest the following [thread]( which puts everything in context. **step 3-utilities contracting long term** in my first post in january about uranium, i said that the key to unlocking value for the sector was the utilities contracting long-term. this is still the case today. the us utilities and the western european utilities have been missing in action in the last couple of years as shown from this slide ( thanks to mike alkin from sachem cover partner) once the government and sprott legally corner the market of physical uranium, it will be game over for the utilities. they will need to go back to the negotiation table with producers. sadly for utilities, they should have done that in the last 2 years and have not which means that producers such as cameco and kap will only contract part of their supply at long-term price and will allow part of the supply to be priced at the spot market to fully take advantage of the future increase in price. i expect this to begin in q1 2022. why then? sprott’s listing on the us exchange will take some time to implement. second, kap, cameco, and yellow cake still need to buy on the spot market roughly 15 million lbs this year which should finally, dry out any real secondary supply available. remember, there is no incentive for fuel buyers to sign contracts now because there is supply available. the keys to understanding that this market has shifted will come from someone like cameco announcing that mcarthur river or their us assets are brought back online. everyone in the industry is always listening to their conference calls quarterly because it gives as much information as to where the total market for uranium is headed. i suggest listening, at least, to the [q&a]( part of their lastest conference call where a participant was asking cameco if the japanese utilities were still selling in the spot market uranium. the answer was interesting as the japanese refused to sell to cameco because they knew that the price was is going to increase in the future. i also fully expect that ur-energy/encore/energy fuels will come to market in the next 6 months to announce the following news: they have purchased either peninsula energy, azarga, laramide, western or anfield. there will be a full consolidation in the us landscape given too many companies and too few of them have the possibility to mine or bring their assets to life. there is also an excess of general and administrative expenses that can be streamlined by consolidating positions. for the same reasons, i fully expect consolidation in the african landscape. goviex, global atomic, deep yellow, marenica, bannerman, paladin, and the chinese ( cgn & cnnc )have big positions there. i personally expect marenica to be taken over by one of the bigger guys given their land package, positioning next to all the bigger guys, and the fact that it is still, but probably not for long, relatively cheap. let’s not forget that orano will probably be eyeing the likes of goviex and global atomic. i also fully expect that this would only happen when step 1 or step 2 has happened giving companies more flexibility otherwise this would mean that they would issue a lot more shares than needed in the future. **other things to keep in perspective** 1. in the last bull market, the number of companies increased 10 fold from beginning to end. the multiplication of companies trying to profit from the incoming bull market will also be a great indicator. be especially astute to the name-changing game. many companies as a great way to increase their public profile will try to include uranium in their company name.. when a company whose assets are primarily other precious metals and decided to “reposition” their core focus, that you get you thinking. 2. the total market cap of pure-play uranium companies reached close to 150 billion last time around.. we are sitting at a fraction of that today 3. merger and acquisition are also a great indicator of where we are in a cycle. when companies pay mostly out cash to take over companies, we are usually early in the bull market. examples of those are the cgn buying the right to assets of kazatomprom and the uex and jcu debacle. they both offered mostly cash to fund the operations. when we begin to see an all-share transaction, we will be sitting well into the bull market if not the late innings. the reasoning behind that is that companies’ shares have run up so much that it is a way to lock in those profits by swapping it for an asset. 4. in the last couple of weeks, a lot of random people have messaged me about which crypto i hold.. when the barber asks you, which uranium stock you hold, it will be critical to sell stock and bank your profits. there will be signs before that but that would be the ultimate one. **my uranium timeline** 1. until january 2022, investors will keep front running the spot price of uranium to position themselves. 2. in the same timeline, the us government will have, hopefully, purchased the first tranche of the strategic reserve. 3. 2022 will be the year that utilities begin contracting back long term. this will accelerate our thesis. paladin, boss, lotus, cameco, ur-energy, energy fuel, encore energy will bring back mines online from their care and maintenance status. the time needed and the ramping up will take between 12-18 months and will require significant sums of money. from all companies listed above, think usually above 50 million in capex. 4. at this point, the price will be firmly above 50$/lbs and oscillating toward 60$ to 70$per lbs 5. 2023, the year we will begin to see mines that were in care and maintenance change to production status. if you marry that with the forecasted deficit in the markets, even if price increases, there will not be a way to increase production. everything will be in the works to get there but it takes time. at this point, a lot of consolidation will have to happen. in my mind, the price of uranium has the most possible overshoot potential in 2023-2024. if the spot price can go above 140$/lbs, i suspect that is when it happens 6. 2023-2024, that is when the irrational exuberance behavior will come into play. expect a lot of the tell signs i mentioned above to be witnessed around that timeline. what happens after? i still think that the price of uranium will be above 50$ for the foreseeable future because other big projects will still need the 70$/lbs to be profitable. by 2028, cigar lake, cameco’s flagship mine will be depleted. by 2028, a lot of the new reactors being commissioned or built will come online as you can see from the below chart. i think this market can still be a raging bull market for much longer after 2024 but i prefer to stay focus on the next 2 years. obviously, this is my mental map. i share this with you as a way to illustrate some of the key features of the next 24 months. remember that in the last bull market, retraces of 30% to 50% were very common. if you want to hold a 10 bagger, making ten folds your initial investment, you need to be prepared to stay in the market when these corrections happen. you also need to plan your exit at some point. wouldn’t it be sad to have come across this life-changing opportunity and have nothing to show for in 2025? that sure keeps me up at night. **the portfolio** if you follow me for some time, you know that i did a private placement with western uranium in february. the terms and conditions were as such. four months locked period, then shares are free-floating. i also had the option to purchase the exact same number of shares within 2 years at a 50% premium to the initial share purchase. as you can see from the recent share appreciation, i will exercise that right soon. this will increase the portfolio return significantly. i also just did, last week, another private placement, this time with anfield energy, another uranium company with the same conditions. **upcoming company interviews** i have scheduled a call with troilus gold for may 24th and arianne phosphate for june 22nd. they are both massively interesting, in my opinion, and will fun to attend! reach out if you are interested to listen in or ask questions. if you can’t make it, i am happy to take questions ahead of time! [leave a comment]( thanks again for reading and i always welcome comments! best, max if you want the article with the slides and pictures: [
koch to exit oil/products trading as the title says. koch to exit oil and oil products trading to focus on products like metals, freight, and nat gas. wondering what your thoughts are on this? is this possibly a sign of markets that have better growth potential. koch is reputedly a sharp, ruthless company so i don't think this decision was taken lightly.
cfd brokers that are truly convenient i am interested in the opinion of experienced traders. what should i pay attention to when choosing a cfd broker and how can i avoid falling into a “scam”? i am a little confused by the number of brokers, but at the moment i have managed to narrow the list down to just four: **- icmarkets** **- oanda** **- moneta markets** **- interactive brokers** first and foremost, i pay attention to the region of registration and how long the broker has been in the game. i would appreciate any recommendations, thank you.
s&d model for context, i just recently started on my role as an analyst for crude and refined products market. however, i don’t have any background knowledge previously. i’m curious on how to create an s&d model. what kind of data should i take in? how often should i update? kind of lost on where to start...
anyone down to join a linkedin/discord group for students into commodities? i’ve noticed that most finance students are aiming for ib, pe, or other big areas, but for those of us who are really into the commodities side (oil, metals, softs etc.), it feels like a much smaller group. i was thinking it might be cool to create a linkedin or discord group for us to connect, share advice, and just keep up with each other as we head into this niche area of finance. figured it’d be a solid way to network and maybe help each other out down the road.
best commodity trading podcasts hi! i listen to a bunch of of equity / macro podcasts to do with markets however struggle to find any commodity ones. can anyone point me in the right direction? thanks
power trading before i started my career in power, i asked a lot of questions. on casio’s website they have a great training on what power market looks like (great for beginners). here is the link if you read this, you will be 10x a fresh new grad. read it 3x and digest it. i believe ercot and spp have good trainings modules, but i haven’t looked in a while.
you didn't get onto any grad schemes...what next? i've seen plenty of posts asking about the traf/glencore/gunvor/etc. grad schemes and how people's applications are going/have gone. the hard truth is that these companies receive thousands of applications, a lot of them won't even get responses but even those that do most won't make it past the first round. a handful of people will end up getting offers. so what do the rest of you do? i see lots of talk about master programs, or hoping a recruiter has a stash of entry-level jobs. the truth is, it might take you a while to break in, and most master programs are dog $hit. while you continue to follow all of the advice about networking, improving your hard and soft skills, and reading every commodities book you can get your hands on, consider this approach. write to/contact every single trading house large and small that you would consider working for, across all commodities. tell them about your passion for the industry and that you'd be willing to work for them/intern/desk shadow for free for 6 months. that's right, zero salary, no strings. basically you're willing to do any role, without pay, just to gain experience. now, i'm aware that this may not be viable for those of you that need an income, but a large proportion of you are going to remain unemployed so what better way to earn nothing than while getting to spend every day at a commodity shop learning. results will definitely vary, but should you get a foot in the door and prove your hard-working attitude in those 6 months, what are the odds you will be let go at the end? job turnover is extremely high in this industry so during that 6 months, a job opportunity is likely to come up. a company that just spent 6 months seeing someone learn is in my opinion quite likely to give that person a chance rather than starting a job search externally and hoping they find someone that fits. and if you get zero opportunities from this then you haven't lost anything.
summary of israel - iran conflict - 24-hour timeline *note: all times in eastern standard time* # eve of the strikes — wed 11 jun 2025 * *08 : 03 am — barron’s*: israel army issues evacuation warnings for parts of gaza city. * *09 : 31 am — cnbc*: oil eases as traders “watch iran risk,” but no strike seen imminent. * *10 : 26 am — the hill*: u.s. embassy restricts staff travel inside israel amid rising tension. * *11 : 19 am — deitaone / abc*: reports say israel is “considering military action against iran in coming days.” * *12 : 31 pm — barron’s / bloomberg*: trump says he doesn’t want israel to attack yet concedes it “could very well” happen. * *02 : 34 pm — semafor*: u.s. begins pulling non-essential personnel from regional embassies and bases. * *03 : 50 pm — cablefxmacro*: trump outlines red-lines: no nuclear iran, prefers a deal, urges restraint. * *05 : 21 pm — reuters / wsj*: leaks suggest israel could strike “as soon as sunday” if nuclear talks fail. * *06 : 57 pm — axios / zero hedge*: u.s. tells israel any attack would be unilateral; no u.s. participation. * *07 : 45 pm — wsj*: security briefings say israel is “fully ready” and the cabinet convenes. # day of the strikes — thu 12 jun 2025 * *07 : 45 pm — wsj*: final briefings leak that israel is “fully prepared” to act. * *08 : 00 pm — reuters*: israel confirms it has struck targets in iran; u.s. stresses no involvement. * *08 : 01 pm — channel 12 / al jazeera*: explosions heard in tehran and sirens across israel as the pre-emptive strike begins. * *08 : 05 pm — axios*: defence minister katz declares a nationwide home-front emergency; public told to stay near shelters. * *08 : 10 pm — livesquawk*: idf says air-raids on iranian nuclear and military sites are under way, calling the action intelligence-driven and preventive. * *08 : 12 pm — cablefxmacro*: government statement confirms a pre-emptive strike on iran. * *08 : 16 pm — piqsuite / reuters*: washington says it was informed but did not assist and urges de-escalation. * *08 : 18 pm — bloomberg*: israel braces for retaliation after confirming multiple strike waves. * *08 : 19 pm — ap*: government says the goal is to roll back iran’s nuclear threat. * *08 : 20 pm — livesquawk*: katz warns of imminent missile-and-drone retaliation against israeli territory. * *08 : 23 pm — reuters*: formal declaration of a “special situation” nationwide. * *08 : 30 pm — wsj*: defence minister publicly states objectives against iran’s nuclear program. * *08 : 34 pm — piqsuite*: idf reports “dozens of nuclear and command sites” struck, calling iran’s program an existential threat. * *08 : 52 pm — firstsquawk*: netanyahu says operation rising lion will continue “as long as necessary.” * *09 : 01 pm — local media*: israel closes its airspace; commercial flights diverted; emergency measures activated. * *09 : 03 pm — piqsuite*: u.s. secretary of state rubio reiterates no u.s. role and warns iran not to target american assets. * *09 : 06 pm — piqsuite*: australia’s foreign minister calls the strikes alarming and urges calm. * *09 : 08 pm — axios*: netanyahu moved to a secure location as heavy retaliation is anticipated. * *09 : 12 pm — wsj*: idf says dozens of targets destroyed in iran; live updates continue. * *09 : 13 pm —* investingcom *(idf spox)*: military declares the opening-strike phase complete, ready for follow-on waves. * *09 : 18 pm — mrtopstep*: israeli command confirms the strike was aimed at neutralising iran’s nuclear capability. * *09 : 25 pm — piqsuite*: foreign ministry opens global emergency situation room; minister holds marathon calls with counterparts. * *09 : 26 pm — livesquawk / marketsday*: global markets whipsaw as bonds and safe-havens rally on renewed tension. * *09 : 27 pm — piqsuite*: israeli officials say opening strikes may have killed iran’s chief of staff and senior nuclear scientists. * *09 : 28 pm — firstsquawk*: iranian state tv claims residential areas in tehran were hit by israeli missiles. * *09 : 31 pm — marketsday*: reports of a second israeli attack wave; iran declares a nationwide state of emergency. * *09 : 32 pm — the hill*: senator rubio repeats that the u.s. was not involved in the strikes. * *09 : 35 pm — investingcom / zero hedge*: israeli military sources believe several iranian generals and atomic scientists were killed. * *09 : 36 pm — trade the news*: israel initiates another round of strikes and believes it has eliminated multiple iranian generals. # continuation of strikes — fri 13 jun 2025 * *01 : 35 am — bloomberg*: oil surges after israel launches air-strikes on iran, underscoring the jump in geopolitical risk. * *01 : 36 am — the new york times*: explainer on israel’s predawn raids against iran’s nuclear program and why they matter. * *01 : 39 am — reuters*: live blog begins as israel hits iran’s nuclear and missile sites and tehran responds with drone launches. * *01 : 40 am — bloomberg (video)*: crude spikes in real-time trading on news of the israeli operation. * *01 : 41 am — bloomberg*: israel’s strikes kill senior iranian officers; gold and oil move higher on safe-haven demand. * *01 : 42 am — piqsuite*: iran vows a “decisive response,” warning the u.s. and israel of a harsh blow. * *01 : 43 am — live-news alert*: iranian outlets claim up to 800 drones and cruise missiles have been launched toward israel. * *01 : 44 am — barron’s*: u.k. prime minister starmer urges an immediate return to diplomacy after the strikes. * *01 : 45 am — wallstengine*: israeli sources say emergency declared in tehran; top iranian leadership may have been hit. * *01 : 47 am — ndtv profit*: israeli military claims elimination of iran’s chief of staff, irgc commander and emergency chief. * *01 : 50 am — piqsuite*: israel’s ambassador to france asserts parts of iran’s nuclear program are already destroyed. * *01 : 52 am — financial juice*: idf says it had “no choice” but to act against iran’s nuclear threat. * *01 : 54 am — globe and mail*: oil rallies sharply as traders digest the israel-iran escalation. * *01 : 57 am — staunovo*: israel confirms multiple strike waves; braces for iranian retaliation. * *01 : 59 am — the new york times*: israeli operation reportedly decapitates much of iran’s military chain-of-command. * *02 : 01 am — staunovo*: iran launches more than 100 drones toward israel; idf working to intercept. * *02 : 02 am — firstsquawk*: israel confirms every drone fired so far has been intercepted outside its borders. * *02 : 04 am — ndtv profit*: spot gold hits a record high as investors rush to havens. * *02 : 07 am — bloomberg*: tehran promises a “harsh blow” to israel and the u.s. following the attack. * *02 : 09 am — rigzone*: israel’s strike on iran’s nuclear sites sends crude and product prices higher. * *02 : 10 am — bloomberg*: oil-price spike seen threatening one of the global economy’s few tailwinds. * *02 : 11 am — bloomberg*: israel warns washington it, too, could face retaliation; market coverage continues. * *02 : 13 am — cnbc*: analysts say iran still unlikely to block the strait of hormuz despite the escalation. * *02 : 15 am — reuters*: asian shares slide while oil climbs as news of the strikes filters through markets. * *02 : 18 am — bloomberg*: european natural-gas prices jump on fears of a wider regional war. * *02 : 19 am — reuters*: european equity futures plunge following the israeli raids. * *02 : 20 am — staunovo*: israel confirms additional waves against iranian nuclear and missile facilities; tehran counters with drones. * *02 : 24 am — piqsuite*: euro stoxx 50 futures down 1.4 % as brent crude extends a 7 % rally. * *02 : 26 am — wallstengine*: brent spikes 13 %; jpmorgan warns $130 oil is possible if the strait of hormuz is threatened. * *02 : 27 am — piqsuite*: bank of israel says it is fully prepared to keep markets and payment systems functioning. * *02 : 28 am — investing.com*: global equities tumble and commodities surge on the israel-iran confrontation. * *02 : 31 am — livesquawk*: israeli air force intercepts iranian drones over saudi airspace, security sources say. * *02 : 33 am — marketflux*: crypto market sheds roughly $200 billion as capital shifts to traditional havens. * *02 : 37 am — oilprice.com*: forecasters scramble to revise crude-price outlooks after the overnight escalation. * *02 : 38 am — barron’s*: idf reiterates it is intercepting iranian drones outside israel’s borders. * *02 : 40 am — c barraud (radio israel)*: drones also being shot down over jordanian and syrian airspace. * *02 : 42 am — financial juice*: warning sirens sound in amman as jordan intercepts uavs linked to the conflict. * *02 : 44 am — bloomberg*: iran begins limited retaliation; oil and gold extend gains. * *02 : 46 am — cnbc*: regional experts say direct u.s. involvement would “change everything” for tehran’s calculus. * *02 : 50 am — seeking alpha*: iran’s drone barrage formally announced as part of its counter-strike. * *02 : 54 am — globe and mail*: oil prices hit multi-month highs on fears of supply disruption. * *02 : 59 am — the new york times*: live updates report iran’s top brass severely degraded. * *03 : 00 am — barron’s*: qatar airways cancels flights to iran and iraq as airspace risk rises. * *03 : 02 am — piqsuite*: french foreign minister urges restraint but reiterates israel’s right to self-defence. * *03 : 04 am — reuters*: u.k. will not commit forces to defend israel against potential iranian retaliation, times reports. * *03 : 06 am — investing.com*: european shares open sharply lower; crude continues to surge. * *03 : 07 am — bloomberg*: israel’s raids spark shipping-route worries; insurance and freight rates jump. * *03 : 11 am — piqsuite*: london signals it will not shield israel from reprisals, reiterating call for de-escalation. * *03 : 12 am — inewsroom*: israeli officials say drone interceptions proceeded without u.s. assistance. * *03 : 13 am — associated press*: jordan confirms its air force shot down multiple drones headed toward israel. * *03 : 15 am — oilprice.com*: analysts call israel’s deep strike the most serious mideast escalation since 2024. * *03 : 19 am — piqsuite*: turkish foreign ministry condemns israel’s attack and demands an immediate halt. * *03 : 23 am — livesquawk*: nato repeats plea for restraint as missile-threat level rises. * *03 : 24 am — firstsquawk*: iran’s parliament schedules an emergency session for friday to discuss its response. * *03 : 26 am — firstsquawk*: nato’s mark rutte warns the situation is “critical” and urges de-escalation. * *03 : 28 am — reuters*: pound and other risk currencies weaken further on safe-haven flows into the dollar and yen. * *03 : 30 am — bloomberg*: logistics firms warn rising risk to gulf shipping lanes after the israeli strikes. * *03 : 32 am — reuters*: israeli airlines relocate aircraft abroad as precautionary measure. * *03 : 33 am — bloomberg*: israeli raids hit nuclear sites; multiple senior iranian commanders reported killed. * *03 : 38 am — cnbc*: officials say roughly 100 iranian drones were launched toward israel amid the widening clash. * *03 : 40 am — firstsquawk*: idf declares a large-scale strike against iranian air-defence systems complete. * *03 : 41 am — investing.com*: europe’s dax opens down 1.1 % on the mideast shock. * *03 : 44 am — the wall street journal*: dow-futures slide as crude spikes on the israeli action. * *03 : 45 am — youtube commodities panel*: strategists say a strait-of-hormuz blockade remains improbable for now. * *03 : 47 am — barron’s*: idf says it destroyed iranian radar arrays and missile launchers in the opening wave. * *03 : 50 am — firstsquawk*: former pm naftali bennett warns the israeli operation “could take days” to finish. * *03 : 53 am — firstsquawk / investing.com*: idf reports a “large-scale” strike on iranian air-defence sites in western iran is complete. * *03 : 56 am — naeem aslam*: turkey condemns the raid; israeli channel 12 says iaf is already intercepting drones over saudi skies. * *03 : 57 am — naeem aslam*: saudi arabia and the uae issue formal statements denouncing israel’s attack. * *04 : 00 am — investing.com*: iranian outlets claim “hundreds of projectiles” could soon be launched at israel; idf places all air-defence units on full alert. * *04 : 02 am — staunovo*: japan’s mitsui o.s.k. lines issues a “safety alert” for vessels transiting gulf shipping lanes. * *04 : 02 am — firstsquawk*: idf confirms every iranian drone fired overnight was intercepted outside israeli airspace; shelter order lifted. * *04 : 12 am — bloomberg*: saudi arabia, the uae and iraq close portions of their airspace; multiple carriers reroute flights. * *04 : 16 am — wallstengine*: engineers say parts of the natanz enrichment complex were damaged in the strikes. * *04 : 17 am — investing.com*: netanyahu briefs germany’s chancellor merz; berlin calls for urgent de-escalation. * *04 : 20 am — reuters*: israel confirms the operation’s code name, “rising lion,” drawn from numbers 23 : 24. * *04 : 20 am — bloomberg*: control risks warns the raid may be only the first step in a broader escalation cycle. * *04 : 21 am — naeem aslam*: ankara condemns the strike “in the strongest terms,” citing regional-war risks. * *04 : 23 am — piqsuite*: jerusalem officially dubs the strike “rising lion,” invoking biblical imagery. * *04 : 23 am — investing.com*: iran’s parliament will meet in emergency session; military says retaliation will have “no limits.” * *04 : 23 am — naeem aslam*: the red “flag of revenge” is raised over qom’s jamkaran mosque, signalling imminent response. * *04 : 24 am — piqsuite*: kremlin voices “serious concern,” calling the strikes a sharp escalation. * *04 : 24 am — ndtv profit*: iranian state tv confirms irgc chief hossein salami was killed. * *04 : 25 am — reuters*: analysts say decades of shadow warfare have now tipped into open conflict. * *04 : 26 am — bloomberg*: predawn raids reportedly killed several of iran’s top generals, crippling senior command. * *04 : 29 am — barron’s*: russian state media amplifies kremlin condemnation of the israel-iran “escalation.” * *04 : 30 am — barron’s*: israel rescinds its shelter-in-place warning after judging the immediate drone threat over. * *04 : 30 am — bloomberg*: iaea warns the natanz strike risks a cross-border radiological incident. * *05 : 26 am — firstsquawk*: idf spokesman expects iran to answer with missiles “within hours.” * *05 : 41 am — reuters*: moscow brands the israeli attack “unprovoked and illegal,” urging both sides to step back. * *06 : 13 am — bloomberg*: israel orders the leviathan offshore gas field shut and prepares power plants to switch fuels. * *07 : 32 am — abc / reuters*: president trump calls the strike “excellent,” hinting “more to come” unless iran agrees to a deal. * *07 : 46 am — élysée / bloomberg*: macron reaffirms israel’s right to self-defence but presses all parties to de-escalate. * *07 : 49 am — piqsuite*: israel closes all embassies worldwide and advises citizens to avoid public jewish symbols. * *08 : 00 am — oilprice.com*: energean halts production at israel’s karish gas field on government orders. * *08 : 05 am — cnbc*: analyst dan senor says jerusalem aims to cripple iran’s enrichment cycle before talks resume. * *08 : 11 am — the new york times*: early casualty list names several irgc aerospace and missile-program generals. * *08 : 13 am — piqsuite*: uk tightens travel warnings for six regional states, citing “rapidly escalating missile risk.” * *08 : 19 am — ndtv profit*: israel orders energean’s largest offshore gas platform to shut as an added security measure. # snapshot of key risk-assets |asset|7:30 pm et|9:20 pm et|change| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |**wti crude**|$67.90|$72.04|**+6.1 %**| |**gold (spot)**|$3,390|$3,416|**+0.8 %**| |**s&p 500 e-mini**|5,210|5,110|**-1.9 %**| |**nasdaq 100 e-mini**|18,060|17,675|**-2.1 %**| |**usd/jpy**|143.55|143.04|**-0.4 %**| # potentially what to watch next: * **iranian response window (next 6–12 hrs):** irgc vows “forceful & destructive” retaliation; missile / uav risk to israel & gulf energy assets. * **g-7 & u.n. diplomacy:** japan, australia, and eu foreign ministers calling emergency talks overnight. * **u.s. posture:** centcom on heightened alert; any attack on u.s. bases would flip washington’s neutrality. \- articles aggregated from [marketflux.io](
learning natural gas trading hi, i am starting a graduate position in natural gas origination at a major trading house this year. to prepare, i was thinking of doing some online ng futures trading. is this a good idea? do you have any other suggestions? fyi, i am quite familiar with the market and have researched ng futures prices (ttf) and geopolitical risks.
what would be the ultimate guide to becoming an oil & gas trader at a top firm hi everyone, i’m a 19 years old (born, raised and living in geneva) passionate about finance and economics (fluent in both french and english). my main goal is to become a trader at a top-tier firm that deals with oil/gas/energy (like trafigura, glencore, or vitol). at the moment, i am still in my senior year of high school. in addition, my father owns a one-hectare plot of land in congo-brazzaville, and i’d love to eventually start a business there focused on soft commodities (like coffee, cocoa, or other agricultural products). **what education would you recommend :** (bachelor) —> bba at saint gallen’s university or economics at the university of geneva (master) —> commodity trading at the university of geneva, master in finance (risk management and asset management oriented) or any graduate program of trafigura, glencore, etc **what should i focus more on :** 1. enjoying my youth 2. books, podcasts, education, ... (about commodities) 3. academics 4. getting in touch with the industry (networking and eventually internships) 5. learning skills related to entry-level positions in the industry (please note them, i am thinking excel, python, powerpoint) **general questions :** what is the typical career trajectory in commodity trading, starting from entry-level jobs or internships to becoming a trader, and eventually advancing to senior trader or head of trading? (i know that there are many different backgrounds but what is the classical/typical entry-level job that will lead to a trading desk) what does the future of the commodity trading profession look like? do you foresee a shift toward more stem-oriented profiles dominating the industry? additionally, are salaries expected to decrease further, considering that some parents of friends working in the industry have recently experienced pay cuts? i’d be grateful for any insights or personal experiences you can share. thank you for your help!
bp offer: trading and shipping hi! i've never thought about a career in commodities/trading, but i got an internship offer for bp as a commercial energy intern in trading and shipping, with the full-time role being the rotational program in one of the tracks such as analytics or trading. since i have more experience in tech and product, i want to know more about trading at ca company like bp. what's the day-to-day look like of a trader (ex. how technical do you have to be)? is the work interesting long-term? is it very repetitive? how easy is it to pivot/what are typical exits for trading roles? i'm currently a sophomore at a us university.
commodity trading books hi everyone, i’ve recently started working in commodity markets - commodities related to biofuels production, to be more specific - and am just looking for some good books/reading materials on commodity markets, trading, etc. stuff for beginners, of course. anything you could recommend would be highly appreciated.
shift traders (power) how long can you really do it? almost two years in and was thinking how long people actually do it. 30 next year and just wanted to know people's experiences about it, their health, what keeps them going etc. happy to know everyone's thoughts.
book recommendations for natural gas and power trading hi all, i’m currently new to the natural gas and power trading world but really want to start building my analytical background and have knowledge about natural gas and power trading, especially natural gas/lng. could you please give me some advice on what books might be good resources to have me understand this market especially building s&d models? i saw from other posts saying ‘natural gas trading in north america’ is quite good, what do you think? thank you.
need advice - new oil & gas market analyst hi all, i recently started a new role as a market analyst in the oil & gas industry. the job involves analyzing market trends, building forecasting models, and understanding price movements. i come from a refinery operations background and have a solid foundation in data science, including python and statistics. i’m eager to grow quickly in this role, and my company is open to supporting relevant courses or training. i’d really appreciate any recommendations on useful resources, books, or certifications that can help me better understand oil markets and improve my modeling and analysis skills. i’m also interested in learning about the tools, techniques, and strategies that have helped others succeed in similar roles. thanks in advance for any advice!
bp has a much better trade staff, risk management group and compliance group today. why? one reason: because of this tale of trading woe that cost them $303 million in penalties and their loss of $10 million by their traders' "thinking". smart people made huge mistakes. live and learn. many university students and early career folk seek a way into commodity trading jobs. when you get there you may be surprised. in your interviews it's important to be aware of how even the biggest firms get off into the business "ditch" and have to be recovered. if you get an interview with bp you should know this tale of woe but don't bring it up unless they do first. you can make a fortune being an energy trader...and you can do it legally. trading + risk + compliance avoids an immense amount of risk so profits can run. but... what's funny to me is even the college students/interns in this reddit sub could have saved bp's propane group from face planting their business back then. asking the question, "does this trading plan violate any rules/regulations in us federal law?" might have slowed the speed into the penalty cash and loss dilemma. in 2004, bp was accused of cornering the us propane market and manipulating prices to generate profit: * **what happened**bp employees developed a speculative trading strategy to corner the february 2004 tet propane market. they established a long propane position, withheld some from the market, and drove up prices. bp's goal was to dictate prices to other market participants and make a profit. * **what was the outcome**bp settled with the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) and paid $303 million in sanctions. the cftc found that bp violated the commodity exchange act by manipulating prices and cornering the market. source/background: [ bp propane trader transcript info: [ color commentary from forbes: [ where traders said their compliance signed off on the disasterous scheme.
eli5: why do gas and power traders exist? gas and power trader companies made huge money in recent years, especially when volatility was huge (2022...), so my question does not concern why they decide to trade, as it is explained by the huge returns. i'm rather intrigued about the market side, namely why these middlemen exist? why is it beneficial for company a to sell gas to company b which then sells it to company c over a selling it to c directly? i totally get that these should be obvious to people in the industry, but as a student interested in the energy trading sector, it isn't for me. thanks in advance! *eli5-explain like i'm five
smaller community?? i’m new or i would have figured out how to just comment on an earlier post (i’m a codger too). want to say hi, and appreciate the lesser stress than wsb or even futurestrading subs. while new here, i’ve been around. got my series 3 back in 1987 and worked briefly on the floor of the cme, currency pit, back when there was open outcry. 30 years in o&g, laid off due to covid, and, thankfully have the wear withal to focus on my first love - commodities. just wanted to say hi, introduce myself and say thank you for this sub.
collection of interview questions: junior intraday power it seems the demand died down a bit, but a while ago i saw a lot of posts asking for what questions to expect during interviews for short term / intraday power. i had interviewed for this role in large utilities (eu) before and wanted to post them here, before i forget the questions again. note, that this is for juniors / grads that are trying to break into commodity trading power. from my application cycle, i noticed that there is a high demand for short term power traders and they also look for juniors with zero trading experience. this could be an alternative way to enter the industry without going through the middle office > front office progression. other alternatives are obviously the highly competitive t&s grad programs. (disclaimer: i'm paraphrasing, i don't remember the exact wording for obvious reasons.) **personal fit:** * how do you deal with stress? how do you wind down? * how do you bring up new ideas to the team? what do you do, if you encounter resistance to your ideas? * you need to collaborate with your team, but you all work in different schedules and rarely see each other face to face. how do you deal with that? * your colleague is consistently losing money during his shifts. you notice it first. what do you do? (imagine, you are senior and experienced/good track record) * do you like making decisions? what do you do if you are wrong -- a lot? * if we would ask your colleagues (replace with friends, if no working experience) about you, what would they say? * what motivates you / drives you at work (in school)? * what tasks do you enjoy doing (in a professional environment/school -- not hobbies)? * what do you struggle with (in a professional environment/school -- i'd avoid personal stories)? * what adjectives, qualities should traders have? * you know that the role entails night, weekend, holiday shifts? are you okay working this schedule x/x/x? **motivation:** * introduce yourself and walk us through your cv and explain your motivation for applying to this role / our company. * why do you want to be a trader and not e.g. an asset manager, or analyst, or a project manager? * why trading? why energy trading? **knowledge (note: it is also important to show how you think):** * explain what creates the duck curve pattern of intraday power prices?(you can google something like intraday power prices duck curve to visualise) * what do you think are the drivers of the intraday prices? * how do the intraday and day ahead markets differ? * imagine you are in shift, your dispatcher calls you asking if they should start their generation in netherlands. it is in the money, but you only sold half of the volume yet. you need to make a decision soon. what do you say to the dispatcher? what do you do? that's all i can think of for now. i'm sure you can use this, and paste this into chatgpt for more interview questions. generally, it's a good idea to use chatgpt (or any other llm really) for interview prep -- just paste your relevant job descriptions. good luck!
made a tool that sources local news extremely fast before mainstream hey all, i've been working on a tool for the last month when i heard a problem from someone i know who works in commodities. where they'd find local news eg in a mining region would share news typically before mainstream news. it was a surprise to me as i expected there to be no real time delay but there can be, sometimes hours or more. i've been working on a tool that uses ai to monitor these sources to catch stories in typically non-english sources based on the monitoring task you give it. it'll also help find these local sources for you. curious if anyone would want to be an early user and try it out. right now i've been testing it myself with a few users in the industry and now opening it to get more feedback. if you'd like to try it out, please dm me. my background's in building software products and i think this tool really can be awesome, so i'd love to find out what you think. **update**: the response has been great and appreciate everyone reaching out. want to find out as many use cases as possible to please feel free to either comment or dm to try out the tool. since posting i've released updates directly from feedback for you all! thanks!
feedback on oil snd modelling i’m an asia-based cross barrel trader, mostly focused on trading the screen futures from a technical perspective. looking to broaden my views with a fundamental angle as well so i am working on building my own us snd as well. i come from a quantitative background so i only hear about fundamental news e.g. colonial pipeline down or ta arb being booked once word gets around so it is not my intention to manually update my database with heards. i’m only looking to build a more big picture view of snd, hence monthly, instead of counting every barrel and betting on weekly stats, so i’m looking for dislocations on the differed part of the curve, not prompt. i plan to do so completely systematically with zero manual intervention on my part. my requests here are: 1) critique of my mental model and the reasoning behind why i structured it as such, as well as recommendations for improvement 2) comments on and suggestions for the variables i am using in each of my forecast models data source: - futures prices from bbg - refinery turnarounds from iir - historical data from eia steo so far i am just getting started on the us refinery balance, specifically refinery input and total product output. on refinery input, i understand there’s crude, hgls, unfinished oils, oxygenates and blendstocks. i’m taking a more generalistic approach in my model by just looking at: 1) distillation input (includes crude, unfinished oils, hgls), and 2) non-distillation inputs (mostly gasoline blending, sometimes unfinished oils for secondary units, and petchem stream for integrateds). my mental model is simply summarized as : distillation input * (1 + non-distillation input/distillation) * (1+processing gain %) = total refinery output distillation input model: - i model two ways doing the iea method: total operating capacity * utilization (steo operating capacity does not include tars). - and i model an adjusted utilization: (total operating capacity - irr aggregated tars) * adjusted utilization -both will get me to total refinery input. i would prefer to use method 2 only but really, anyone with experience will know the irr expectations are not accurate the further away from the event you get. - variables: wti coking margins (as a sort of catch all number for a general view on refining margins), as well as seasonality non-distillation input % of distillation input model: - i use a ratio here as a means of saying more cdu flow means need for more blending - variables: butane vs rbob and natural gasoline vs rbob as blending econs proxies, and seasonality processing gain model - this was a surprisingly tricky one. i tried to run a model with all the complex margins (fcc, coking), as well as the tars of secondary units and rather weak statistical relationships with coker and hydrocracker tars, as well as fcc margins. i was surprised the coker tars had insignificant impact - variables: coking margins, fcc and vdu tars
python for commodities hey everyone, from what i’ve heard the industry in very data driven and as a result python is a good skill to have. i’m a grad currently preparing for an analyst position at a major and have been learning python, but i can’t seem to visualise how to apply python to the job. am currently trying to understand better so i can start practicing by doing some mockups (like a mock balance) and trying to use python to sift through big data. could someone help provide some examples of how python is used to analyse data? how do the scripts work in practice? i would greatly appreciate!
interest in learning weather derivatives? hey everyone. i have a lot of experience trading weather derivatives. i used to trade a really large weather portfolio back in the day. the market has been pretty much dead for 20 years or so, but recently it is showing signs of renewal because of all the crazy climate events. so i decided to enter the market again, but in a completely different way. i want to help develop the market again, but from the retail side, which has never been done before. i recognized that it will require a bit of education. weather derivatives may seem a bit esoteric, but they are really one of the easiest assets that you can learn and trade. the learning curve is very shallow. i built and recently released a weather trading education platform into beta. it's called weathermage, and it's my effort to make weather derivatives as easy and approachable as possible. come over to r/weathermage and check it out if you are interested in learning. i'm also starting the process of building the rest of system features "in public" to directly address what retail traders may want to see, so feel free to dm or post questions so that i can answer for everyone.
chose planning instead of trading ten years of total experience of logistics and five of that in o&g, in supply chain optimization, blending and planning-related roles. also had a little trading experience mainly with middle distillates and gasoline. an year ago, i was in crossroads - with two offers from two houses on hand. i was offered high-paying role as head of planning in my home country and on the other side, almost double the money (without bonuses) in geneva. approximately, i could have saved maybe ~3k$ more per month in geneva (and with bonuses, a lot more). in the end, i chose planning and staying in my home country mainly due to couple of reasons: 1) i don’t live and breathe commodities. don’t get me wrong - i do like the line of business, the thrill and the excitement of making hard calls on pressured environment and with insufficient details. but i don’t care enough to spend all my free time reading about the markets and being alert all the time. i want to live, too. of course, in planning a lot of things can go south too, but pnl responsibility is often on a whole less level too - meaning lot less stress. 2) employment law in geneva isn’t really favoring employees and the environment can get quite demanding - and quite fast. i rather schedule my own working days and work at my own pace. sometimes harder, sometimes not so hard. i rather choose security over salary. 3) i’m lazy by nature. in planning, if you are lazy, you are more likely to come up with new tools and ideas to make your work easier and once you succeed building a new tool and reducing your workload, you are celebrated. in trading, laziness would result into losing opportunities. 4) i don’t want to spend the little free time i would have in the evenings networking with other traders and brokers. i rather spend it with my family and friends, the ones i truly care about. have i ever regretted the decision? sure, i have. but on the other hand, i am now working on average 40 hours a week, with barely any overtime / outside office hours and have very little stress levels. i am constantly receiving great feedback and still have a great salary (top 5% of the population) and a plan going forward. moral of the story? i see a lot of posts here about pursuing a career in trading and while i do get it, i’m stressing out that not everything should be about the compensation. the world of commodity trading is harsh, and only a handful of people really make it in the end. i’ve seen so many getting cooked, and i just want to highlight that there are plenty of great options in the industry, too. thus, i would think about the long-term objectives and benefits - not only the salary or the status the job brings. in the end what matters, is how happy you are. good luck all, whatever you are pursuing!
modeling in commodities i’m currently a college student pursuing a career in commodity trading, with a strong interest in fundamentals-based roles—particularly as a fundamentals analyst. from what i understand, these roles often involve building and maintaining various models to support trading decisions. i have a couple of questions as i try to deepen my understanding: 1. what types of models are commonly used on a commodity trading desk, and what are their specific applications? 2. what are the best resources to learn more about these models? i’ve come across a lot of content focused on quant finance and forecasting, but i’m not sure how much of that applies directly to fundamentals-driven commodity trading. any insight would be greatly appreciated—i’m really just trying to learn and build relevant skills. i’d consider my python skills to be intermediate, and i’m currently looking to develop a few hands-on projects that i can discuss in interviews.
commodity analytics wondering what career progression looks like for someone working as oil/gas strategist at a major in terms a) compensation b) career opportunites and mobility ( e.g to more commercial/trading roles) c) exit opportunities ( outside of commods , hf's? etc) got grad role in analytics at one of the majors so just wondering what progression looks like thanks and have a nice rest of day
some say "risk" is a "cost center" in a trading organization. in this thanksgiving "tale of trading woe" lets look at how metallgesellschaft traders turned their "trading" into a "cost center" many visit this reddit space wanting to get into commodity trading. in your interviews to get into a trading shop offices it will benefit you to know about this $1.5 billion loss energy trading tale of woe that is metallgesellschaft (mg). no one wants "trading" to become a "cost center"...but it can happen. being a great trader is like being a great physician. the rule for both should be "first, cause no harm". great doctors know that to become a good one, a med student must learn as much from the "bad" in the past to prevent it happening in the future (we traders would call that risk management). should an energy commodity hedge create massive risk? if you build a bad hedge without good risk analysis, as this mg link shows--- you'll see what can happen when the best and brightest traders failed to self-manage a huge position with little risk mgt. enjoy! happy thanksgiving! [
prop trading vs physical commodities trading when doing some research on quant trading jobs i stumbled upon physical commodity trading roles (some with the title of "quantitative trader", some with just "trader") at agricultural merchants like louis dreyfus, cargill, adm etc., metal trading firms like trafigura, oil trading firms like shell/bp, and energy/power trading firms like gunvor. as someone only familiar with prop trading firms like imc, js, akuna etc, can someone explain the difference between what a trader does in a prop trading firm vs in a commodity trading firm? information about what a trader does at a commodities firm is scarce online and i haven't been able to find anything detailed. also would appreciate any information about the salaries at the commodity firms. thank you!
power trader salaries hi everyone, i've been interested in energy commodities for a while and power in particular. there is a lot of information on reddit for natural gas traders but very little for power traders. so how much do power traders make in general? is it similar to other physical energy commodities? thank you
how to get into commodity trading? just a little context, i’m currently a sophomore in university studying econ with a decent gpa and recently learned about commodity trading at a career fair. really interested in it and just had questions for anyone with experience or knowledge about the industry. 1. from research ik that no company is going to let you trade with no experience, so what positions would provide the necessary experience to get into a trading desk? and how long to eventually transition into a desk from said position? 2. realistically what is the wlb like? 3. what is a normal compensation progression? (leaning towards trading power to make it more specific) 4. what hard skills benefit a traders performance? thanks.
did anybody else misjudge winter gas demand in europe? did you get your weather forecast wrong? my thesis was that additional lng supply this winter and reduced supply from russia will net off(i am sure of the caculation). and i was very bullish mainly because the weather indicators(la nina+ negative qbo) suggested a colder winter. another reason to be bullish was lower gas storage level compared to last year. i was expecting ttf to trade between 36-39 euros this winter. trying to cope that and want to see that it wasn't just me. i am still new analyst in prop trading so this is a lesson learnt.
what is the trade idea process at a natural gas hedge fund? i've been reading up on natural gas markets. i'm trying to understand what type of work goes into good trade ideas. i've seen a few stories about funds like centaurus or amaranth and the process of analysis is unclear. example - this is the best paper i can find that says some of the positions that hedge funds will put on, but i don't see how they get ideas in the first place. i'm trying to understand the typical work process / idea generation methods. any leads? let's say you were a natural gas hedge fund - how do you actually get ideas to trade?
ex-grains trader with an abcd, frustrated with growth, now in cocoa hi everyone, i was working for an ex-abcd org for over 6 years as a cash trader (started with their trainee program), and was frustrated with the growth and compensation prospects (bonuses largely limited to 20-25% of fixed, which was already pretty average vs my peers). india as a geography for ags trading (esp. g&o) is pretty bad - frequent govt. intervention + illiquid futures market. inter-company movements had become very difficult, because for the past couple of years, diversity hiring and movement took precedence over merit (not a mindless rant, but a reality). and also grains in india is traded flat price, so limited exposure to futures/hedging, making it even more difficult to change geographies (faced this issue in many interviews - where low exposure to futures and international accounts/clients was a big turn-off) i’ve switched to a smaller org in their cocoa platform. the role is based in a third-world geography, focused on procurement, managing the p&l, ops for the geography, hedging on the terminal. book is much larger than what i was handling earlier, but sales side decisions are generally above my pay-grade, so not a proper trading role. the main motivations for the role were (in that order) - (1) money (2) exposure to futures (3) exposure to a new geography i’m enjoying the role, so not worried about the decision to switch. however, i would like some inputs on what would be the best way to move to a desk role (perhaps in the next 3-5 years) in cocoa. what skills would you recommend i build, and how do i pitch them to the management (for roles within the organization). i’d already conveyed during the interviews that i see myself in a proper trading role in the next 5 years. planning to do the following: - build an s&d for my geography - analysis of historical basis vs global s&d (trying to get my hands on one) - learning python cocoa is new to me, and would really appreciate any inputs or resources. also open to any comments/suggestions/questions. thank you.
bp trader development program (tdp) superthread i know there is a bunch of scattered info across wso and this reddit about bp's graduate trading program, but i'd love to have a centralized post for everyone to share their thoughts about the program, what they've heard, and if anyone has any strong opinions. questions like: 1. how does the quality of this program compare to other graduate schemes (gunvor, shell, glencore, etc.)? 2. is the program actual hands on in the commodities trading world or are you doing grunt work for the bulk of the 3 years? 3. how are the exit opportunities from bp? is there any exit potential to *outside* of the commodities space? 4. how difficult is the atc exam that they give to their traders? what is compensation like past that stage? thank you all!
commodity trading game i'm in the process of creating a commodity trading game that will simulate what it's like to manage a physical trading book. the goal is to make it as engaging and realistic as possible while still being fun to play. what are the key features you'd like to see included? here's what i'm thinking so far: ​ * realistic market simulations: prices that respond to world events, supply and demand. * diverse commodities: a wide range from precious metals to agricultural products. * risk management: options for hedging and other strategies to manage the volatility. * economic indicators: use real-world data to inform your trading decisions. * multiplayer mode: compete against friends or traders from around the world. what else should be added to this list? would you like historical scenarios? more in-depth control of supply chains? for those who are trying to break into the industry what are the pain points you are having in understanding some of the concepts involved? hoping to get some feedback to know what would be useful to include in the game. ​ ​
wanting to build an open-source commodity platform, looking for others to teamup with hi all! as the title says i am looking to build an open-source commodity platform. there is a plethora of fundamental data out there but it is highly fragmented. without industry knowledge, a newcomer is left with either a large mountain to climb (finding and parsing data) trying to build their own database or having to pay for a terminal, ie. reteurs or bloomberg == high-cost barrier to entry. furthermore, there is a serious lack of documentation that contextualises these data streams, ie *why is this metric important, what does it show, how does it relate to the functioning of the market/price discovery.* i think everyone would benefit from having a place to go where they can access: 1. the data cleaned up ***- open database*** 2. the sources of that cleaned up data ***- clear documentation*** 3. insights from that data, snd analysis and forecasting ***- nice dash visualisations using rshiny or similar*** 4. contextual documents, allowing for better understanding ***-*** ***commodity p******rimers*** 5. the code behind all aspects of the platform so the user can go build their own / hopefully sharing improvements etc. ***- public github*** please d/m or comment below if you are interested in teaming up about me: 10 years experience in the commodity industry, starting at an investment bank, moving to a trading house and then a fund. products covered: dry freight, coal, softs (corn & soy), european power gas and emissions. languages: r , python, sql nice one!
weekly ag commodity market thread - discussion and questions well, i am definitely not a mod and this might get taken down, but i've had interesting discussion on here with folks involved in the ag commodity trading world and thought it might be nice to get some sort of a weekly thread up on a regular basis. we see retail investors coming in and asking about the timing of opportunities in various markets, and since we do have a group of people involved in ag commodities professionally we might be able to share information and insight to the benefit of everyone. if this is acceptable to the mods, i am willing to try and come up with chart packages (most weeks) that show forward curve, key old crop and new crop charts, some fundamental info, cash market info etc. that could help others get more insight and perspective on what is driving these markets. my knowledge is mostly in corn and soy complex, and less so in wheat. i'd love to get insight from people involved in more of the soft commodities and livestock. i follow energy markets at a high level but don't have professional insight into how those markets tick outside of paying attention to eia and doe releases and various crack spreads. hopefully, at some point we could have a thread like this for energy and metals as well. if this seems well received, i can try to put together some charts as a starting point for this week and we can see where this takes us. basic info i am paying attention to this week to start conversation is: corn - market trying to reconcile cash market tightness with better rains in south america to try and aid safrinha crop as well as an above average pace in us planting progress. northwestern us growing areas could use a tad bit of rain but really weather is benign and conducive to a good start to the season. longer term forecasts will be watched closely as we see what july might look like. n/u spread is still near all time seasonal highs prior to n delivery. traders also trying to figure out how many more acres we will see in june wasde versus the march intentions number given private estimates as high as 96m versus closer to 91m from usda. managed money has shed some length but still at significantly elevated levels. further reports of increased acreage and benign weather will likely eat into this length futher. soy complex - bean oil still driving this ship. refining capacity is non existent and last week's pullback was not unexpected given how we've traded this move higher. beans lagging behind and really getting any strength from crush margins firming due to bo strength. meal definite laggard as we are crushing as much as possible for the oil without any significant increase in meal demand. market expects bean acres might also move higher versus planting intentions, but not at all to same extent of corn given economics. managed money in beans is a solid net long but not anywhere near historical max. soybean oil closer to its max long and will likely remain a focus for spec length as the story for soybean oil will not be solved anytime soon. refining capacity is a huge issue given increase in biofuel refiner capacity coming online. ​ i'll let someone else try and take wheat, we'll see if someone has good insight there because i am not super close to it. i can try and take a stab in the future and maybe people can help add to my insight.
looking for old investment bank natural gas trade pdfs a while back someone on one of the quant trading subreddits posted this link with dozens of papers on different quant topics: i'm looking for something similar for natural gas trading. does anyone know if there's a treasure trove of old natural gas research notes from banks floating out there? grok tells me there's a zip with 50 pdfs with natural gas trade ideas / market notes from banks on reddit / wso...but it looks like ai hallucination. shot in the dark here...but anyone have any links for something similar? i'm wanting to learn about how natural gas traders and analysts think and hope to get my hands on some old market notes to read through.
which of the big five independent trading houses would you prefer for your career? if you could choose between trafi, vitol, gunvor, mercuria and glencore. which of these houses would you prefer to work at and why? especially if you would not work as a trader there :)
curious who's here - bg on participants this sub has been getting a lot traction over the last 9 months i've noticed, as an active participant i'm curious to know who else is contributing and create more of a knowledge base for newcomers looking for advice and help in the industry and their careers. i'm a former physical crude trader that moved in to lng who had own shop which was sold to a major trading house. held a seat as board/senior management, and now, semi retired* with more time on my hands than i know what to do with (too much, too young) and i enjoy helping new talent. *running own physical energy prop book
most interesting commodity you’ve seen traded i am the chief strategist of exotic structured products at the premier chicken foot trading company east of the mississippi. what's the weirdest commodity you've ever seen traded? enron’s ram hedging program was pretty interesting.
when will us strategic oil reserve be filled? i saw many articles about how low us strategic oil reserve is. when will biden refill the reserve?? and will oil price go up when this happens? any insight? thank you
urea prices drop $80 in one day. in new orleans, prices for barges are close to $100 lower today... we’re seeing $620 trade for february delivery that’s down from $695 to start the day. consider this - in the last two weeks of the year the physical barge market was trading $760. in the futures market for nola urea prices are just as soft with offers close to $640 for q1 but there aren’t any trades.
brokers vs traders truth for wanna be “pms” i see loads of people post here like, how much would i earn at glencore oil? how much at citadel gas? on ldc grains? goldman options etc etc as if there are these infinite 0.001% jobs available and head of desk seats. in reality i’ve come to the realisation that brokers, origination, sales tend to be compensated way more than traders...at least the ones i’ve spoken too! unless of course you’re a pm running 5mm + var at the firms listed above. which i hate to break it too you, 95% of traders arnt!!! even traders at majors(edit) like bp/shell that are not the head of the desk i feel struggle to break 400k (in europe and uk). on average, with good years and bad years which you experience trading i feel that the broker are compensated much more. moral of the story... don’t just lock in on trading, there is lost money to made everywhere. some of the posts here are the equivalent of saying, “i wanna be real madrids top goal scorer in the la liga”
list of metal trading houses besides trafigura, glencore, etc i’m a first-year master’s student in statistics at unsw, australia, with a bachelor's degree in mathematics from mcgill university, canada. bilingual in chinese and english, i'm aiming to build my career in china or hong kong. while refining my job search, i realized that aside from those well-known trading houses, i know little about smaller companies in metal trading due to the secretive nature of this industry. i thought mining companies might have trading divisions, similar to those in oil. however, i learned that most mining firms prioritize cash flow and rarely hold assets (no temporal arbitrage), with ixm, a cmoc subsidiary, being an exception, and of course, glencore. i then tried to identify miners' customers via offtake agreements to compile a list of trading houses, but information was limited. are there alternative ways to find these companies, and do you know of any lesser-known firms besides ixm? also, vertical integrations seem to be a trend. do you think pure trading houses like trafigura will in the future become like glencore? or mining companies will begin to have their own trading teams?
meet 4 cargill traders .... here's an article about cargill commodity traders and their daily work -- for those of you seeking info on such a career [
lng pricing - how does it work? i understand the crude benchmarks and how it's subject to forces of global snd / geopolitics while nat gas is inherently regional / local and is driven by pipeline snd. in terms of lng, are the benchmarks set based off of ttf / nbp / jkm and operate in a similar way to crude in terms of snd impact to pricing? (i.e. biden's export ban, european / asian demand and us supply dynamic influencing the pricing for trades). any color on this would be great even if it is elementary in nature.
trafigura's commodities demystified (link below) was published 6 years ago, what has changed the most since then? [ i'm a uni student interested in commodity trading and have recently finished this white paper. since 2018, we have seen a pandemic, wars, massive inflation and so on. do you think any information stated in this paper is slightly outdated?
what does it take to be a commodities trader? i’m interested in trading for two reasons 1) dynamic environment, every day is different and 2) high integration with macro environment and unpredictability in these variables seems exciting from an outsider’s perspective. i’m an engineer in oil and gas and i don’t think engineering is right for me. hence interested in commodities trading. what should you like/tolerate to be a trader? what type of personalities make good traders? what is the hardest part about the job?
market risk i’ve got an upcoming interview for a market risk analyst position for an oil desk at a big bank. in terms of why market risk, what are they looking to hear? i could give a great answer for trading but not quite sure about market risk and obviously i can’t say i see it as a way into potentially becoming a trader etc. any recommendations would be greatly appreciated
breaking into energon trading hi r/commodities, i’m a fresh cybertronian grad trying to break into energon trading. feels like a real career lane with upside if i can get a foot in the door and not blow up on a decepticon basis swing my first week. quick take on the market: post–great war rebuild = steady demand, with autobots spending on infrastructure and decepticons posturing with “strategic stockpiles,” so there’s a structural bid. the curve flips between sleepy contango when field ops are quiet and spicy backwardation when raids hit—roll yield matters, and storage/space-bridge capacity is the hidden edge. basis gets weird across mine-mouth cube, refined liquid, and the fancy allspark-adjacent blends thanks to conversion losses and raid insurance. about me: i did mechatronic finance at iacon institute (minor in war economy). i interned at a mid-tier autobot shop on nights—pnl recs, a subspace-signal harvester for quotes, and coffee strong enough to strip paint. my capstone modeled the energon term structure under decepticon shocks (level/slope/“decepti-vol”), and a carry + ctd roll captured decent paper sharpe before bridge tolls took their tax. tools i actually use: teletraan-1 datapads with powerglide query modules and unholy matrix-lookup chains; cybertronscript with vector sigma arrays for small schedulers; and allsparkql for the data lake (i can seeker-join until primus tells me to stop). risk-wise i get the basics—var (value at ravage), stops, and not martingaling myself into scrap. where i’d sit: autobots feel like a flow/infrastructure house—mission vibes, real optionality, heavy on kyb (know your bot). decepticons are sharper, more pnl-first, allegedly better payout grids, allegedly worse hr—high beta to raids, which could be fun if you like volatility. on the physical side (decepticon lift earth → cybertron): the chain is basically field extraction → cube/liquefy on earth → shuttle to space-bridge nodes → time-windowed repatriation to darkmount. throughput gets rationed by shockwave logistics, and tolls float off a war-risk index. the unit stack is earth wellhead + refining + lift + bridge toll + insurance + sabotage reserve + lunar anchorage demurrage, marked vs cif darkmount. ops watch-outs: cycle time earth→darkmount, bridge-slot utilization, convoy attrition/shrink (the quintesson quota tax), and discharge cube integrity. the hedge i’d run is long physical vs short cybertron fronts, sprinkled with war-risk options and a rolling buffer to monetize backwardation without bricking the tanks. a few starter edges i’d try: a raid-probability nowcast from subspace chatter + sensor anomalies to size front-spread hedges; cross-grade arb between cube and liquid around refinery yields; and a bridge-locational spread model that prices latency, tolls, and sabotage risk into routing. things i’m hoping the hive mind can help with: 1.) better to start on an autobot physical/logistics desk to learn “molecules” (cubes) or jump straight to a decepticon prop seat if i clear the interviews? 2.)real talk on wlb vs wfc (work-life balance vs war for cybertron) by faction—am i booking a chassis rebuild every quarter? 3.)comp red flags like “% of book after railgun losses” or deferred cubes vesting in beastformers/combiners? 4.) book recs beyond trading the curve and options, vol, and mecha—already did when genius burned out my optics. 5.) best “why energon?” answer that isn’t “number go up” or “i like pressing buy when it’s shiny.” day one, i’ll handle confirmations, recs, eod pnl, exposure buckets, and clean data until it gleams. i’ll babysit the curve through andromeda hours and ping early on quintesson-induced shocks (swing-producer headlines). i can also ship small tools fast—a clean contango/backwardation holo-dashboard with roll attribution, a basis heatmap by grade/bridge/region on a tactical hud, and a tidy post-mortem template so we don’t repeat dumb stuff. open to replies, resume roasts, or being told to pivot to stasis-pod reits. not investment advice—definitely a cry for mentorship. roll yield, not roll out.
grad scheme/trader scheme interviews ama over the last couple of weeks (mainly since traf opened up their new grad scheme) this sub, and my dms, have been flooded with people all asking the same questions: how can i best prepare for the interview, what can i expect, etc. while it’s been a while, i’ve interviewed tons of people for these schemes. with that in mind, i’m going to do an ama and i’ll do my best to offer some guidance to those of you who are applying/have made it through the first round of the upcoming interviews. good luck to everyone.
any interviews of successful commodities traders? hi guys, i'm in college. i'm quite into stockpicking, but the commodities markets are so fascinating to me, but i know next to nothing about it. i was just wondering if you guys could give me links to any interviews or lectures of any successful commodity trader. it can be any commodity. i guess i want to understand what their strategies are, how they collect data, what goes into their process, things like this. any help is much appreciated, thanks so much!
interest in electricity/power trading? browsing trading jobs within the us, and seeing tons of jobs involving electricity and power in multiple regions in the us. i’m seeing the demand for talent, but how is the supply out there? as a petrochemical guy myself, i have zero interest in that commodity/job field, and the constant posting of jobs over the last few years has me wondering if these companies are having a hard time finding qualified (or interested) individuals. for example, i know ngl gigs were in massive supply in late ‘23 through 2024, but not seeing a lot of those postings now as those are desirable roles in houston especially.
how different is it to be a physical trader at an oil major like shell compared to a large trade shop like vitol? different in any sense. thanks!
shell supply and trading i am currently a senior (studying math and stats) looking for full time roles. i want to go into quantitative trading/research or energy commodity trading. i have an offer to work for shell supply and trading; specifically their graduate rotational program. in this role, i work for three years. my first 18 months i work as a crude commercial operator (supporting scheduling of oil, tracking volumes of crude oil, working with operational data, etc.). however, after these 18 months, i transition to a different role within supply and trading which could be anything from compliance, business development, trading, it, etc. this really depends on where they need help and my work interest. once these 36 months are done, i must reapply to different full time roles at shell as employment is not guaranteed after the 3 years are done. i am quite nervous to accept this offer due to the uncertainty of where i will end up in the future. i do want to pursue a career in the energy markets, but do not know if this is the offer i should accept and wonder if it will lead me to eventually become working as a quantitative energy trading. if anyone has some insight or advice i would love to hear it. any additional information would be very helpful. thanks.
gas/lng analyst market is over supplied. you are late and should pivot to other commodities. i write this post with good intent to help graduates who plan to enter gas/lng business. gas/lng analysts are plenty and head hunters have already created pipeline of candidates for their clients. for you to enter now and hoping to make 100k in uk+europe will be difficult. all the analytics for the desks are already built. its very likely that many firms will start losing money because only few can win. power trading is also very algorithmic now so if you are not a stem graduate then forget about it. you can start as shift trader but there is a chance that you will be stuck in shift roles for years. being better than a marginal analyst in this business is not easy which is something i learnt late in life.
gas trader salary e.g edf hi all, new to the group here and learning about gas trading. curious to know how much someone could earn being a gas trader at a big european business like edf in the uk/london. what does the progression look like from junior to senior dependant on experience. hoping someone can share there thoughts. curious to know the work life balance too and challenges of the job. thanks, edit - when i mentioned salary, forgot to add total comp, so how much variable (bonus/commission) would they typically see in a year ?
vitol ceo says there is an "arms race" underwy for ai driven oil trading we used to take floor traders -or refiners they dealt with- to lunch to learn the "secret sauce". enjoy! [
i need your help for weather forecasts hello, i need your help with a weather forecast service. for about two years now, i’ve been delving into futures trading, specifically focusing on cocoa. i chose cocoa even before the extreme price increase happened. as a beginner, i felt it was sensible to concentrate on just one commodity at first. however, i still have a major gap: i don’t yet have a detailed understanding of weather patterns, for example, in west africa. i’m particularly looking for something that offers specialized forecasts for commodities—ideally directly for cocoa. how does the weather impact cocoa, etc.? maxar technologies offers such services, but only for business customers. so i’m asking you, how do you approach this, and which services do you use as private customers? i’ve read a bit about best weather inc. do you know them, and if so, what’s your opinion on their services? or do you have better alternatives or other solutions?
accessing ice/cme data as a retail trader hey all, i currently work on a real-time desk at a generation company and am aiming to transition into a power trading role at a hedge fund or prop firm in the future. however, my current role does not provide access to ice or cme market data. to get a head start, i’m interested in analyzing power contracts and would like to know where i might be able to access such datasets essentially as a retail trader. any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. thanks!
understanding difference between trader and broker. can someone help me understand the difference between a commodity trader and broker? i guess my first thought process was that the trader is brokering a deal. the trader finds a refinery in the us that is selling refined products and he also finds a country in europe that needs said refined product. he matches them together and creates a spread to make a profit. when i think of these traders i am thinking of trafigura, vitol, glencore, etc.. where does a broker become involved and what is their value to the transaction. i have seen that some brokers specialize in futures products, swaps, etc. are they the party that hedges for the trader? an in depth breakdown would be greatly appreciated.
pros & cons of trading commodities to give context, i am the equivalent of a newborn chick when it comes to trading. currently trying to decide which path to walk down and those of you who have been trading commodities for years have insight as to why you trade commodities and not some of the other avenues. any advice is welcome.
salary and bonus as a trader i’m reading more and more about commodities trading and the trading houses every day, but one thing these companies aren’t advertising is their compensation. what does a total compensation breakdown look for someone at the various stages of being a commodities trader and how many years out would people get access to those promotions (grad program, trader, senior, etc...)?
is anyone using satellite imagery to research commodities? i've been using a satellite imagery tool called skyfi for real estate research, and i'm wondering if/how it could be applied to commodities, particularly oil.
lumber prices keep rising lumber is the new gold lumber is up by 8.6% in the past month. the whole supply chain is in chaos and the demand remains ahead of production.
its motherfucking report day y'all trying something new here. for the followers along-today is the first of 3 major reports in the calendar year for us grain folks. it's grain stocks and prospective acres day. basically our superbowl of volatility while we watch the assholes at the usda fuck up reports. what this means for the market: the usda is going to publish predictions for crop year ending stocks, as well as planting intentions for major crops in the united states. soybeans, corn, wheat, sorghum, etc. estimates so far are all over the place, and the market has been moving violently as a result. i think we should discuss and meme about this. i'll take first crack. i think soybeans come in at 100mbu ending stocks, corn 1.0bbu, soy acres 89.5, corn acres 93. i'm intending to be just super wrong. edit: the usda fucking did it again. those acreage estimates are a fucking indictment of the system. june is gonna be lit y'all!!!!!
commodity of the week: soybean **what are soybeans?** glycine max, commonly known as soybean in north america or soya bean, is a species of legume native to east asia, widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses. the plant, classed as an oilseed rather than a pulse by the un food and agriculture organization, produces significantly more protein per acre than most other uses of land. fat-free (defatted) soybean meal is a significant and cheap source of protein for animal feeds and many packaged meals. for example, soybean products, such as textured vegetable protein (tvp), are ingredients in many meat and dairy substitutes.[5] the beans contain significant amounts of phytic acid, dietary minerals and b vitamins. soy vegetable oil, used in food and industrial applications, is another product of processing the soybean crop. traditional non-fermented food uses of soybeans include soy milk from which tofu and tofu skin are made. fermented soy foods include soy sauce, fermented bean paste, natto and tempeh. the main countries growing soybeans are the united states (32% of world total, 2016 forecast), brazil (31%) and argentina (18%).[6] [why soyabeans are the crop of the century]( **what is the soybean supply chain?** [supply chain]( the main soybean production area in the us stretches from the eastern parts of the dakotas and nebraska, across iowa and southern minnesota, and over to the western half of ohio. as a result, the us soybean crushing industry is concentrated in this region(see exhibit 29 and exhibit 31). furthermore, soybean crush capacity is concentrated among two companies (adm and bunge) that represent more than 79% of open operations [map of brazilian soybean production]( [map of argentine soybean production]( **what are current market prices and trends?** [ft price information]( [soybean future contract specs]( **news:** [usda feed outlook (next report available july 14]( [us farmers to plant record acres of soyabeans]( **educational links:** [ united states department of agriculture economic research service soybean and oil crops]( [competitive analysis of chinese soybean import suppliers ]( [elements, feasibility and coordination mechanisms of ip soybean supply chains]( [innovation in agriculture: incentives for adoption and supply chain development for energy crops]( [soy in the amazon](
are there any gas and power traders that don't have meteorologists? i've been researching natural gas trading and it seems that most gas and power trade companies hire in house meteorologists to help get an edge in weather. this has me wondering, are there any funds out there that trade financial natural gas and power and do not have in-house meteorologist? it seems that all serious traders hire meteorologists, but are there any successful groups that do not? in other words, is it possible to have an edge without your own weather team?
best role to take for power trading hello everyone, i am currently an swe with a double major in cs+math, based in the us (willing to relocate anywhere in the country), interested mostly in power and am fortunate to have landed three opportunities: 1. **market operations analyst at an iso/rto (ex. ercot, caiso, miso, etc.):** 1. responsible for running software that clears day-ahead market, doing power system analysis, creating tools and conducting analysis to support market operations. 2. **settlements analyst at a large commodity trading house (ex. vitol, gunvor, trafigura, etc.):** 1. according to the hiring manager, some people in the same role after 1-2 years in settlements have transitioned to gas scheduling and real time power trading roles at the same company. 3. **commercial operations rotational analyst at an ipp/utility (ex. calpine, nrg, nextera, etc.):** 1. will rotate through power and gas operations and scheduling for 1-2 years (12 hr shifts). afterwards, will be placed in power or gas depending on personal strengths and company needs. i am most interested in becoming a power trader (preferably not real time) or any quantitative commodity trading role, trading analyst, or market analyst in that order. i enjoy quantitative analysis and programming, but want to prioritize securing a position where i'm able to take risk as a trader, or inform trading decisions as a trading analyst (i am aware that the next step after becoming a trading analyst is a trader). i am also interested in transmission analysis/ftrs, though i don't have an ee background so don't know how viable this path is. however, i have seen people on linkedin go from isos/rtos to become transmission analysts/ftr traders, though they usually spend 5-10 years at an iso and also have graduate ee degrees. which of these three options offers the most direct/straightforward path to becoming a non-rt power trader or quant commodities trader? thank you!
castleton commodities international have an intern offer for summer 2026 (trading) with one week to sign. considering taking this offer or waiting for bigger firms like equinor/glencore to get back to me. is castleton just as much of a respected name in the industry? how does pay compare for analysts (entry level) at these firms? what are some of the main culture differences between the oil majors, trading firms, etc? i want to become a oil/natgas quant trader in the next 5ish years.
got into energy trading — thinking long-term now hello everyone, i’m a recent msc economics grad from southern europe and was set on getting into commodity trading. i accepted the first job that gave me a foot in the door, and i’m genuinely grateful for the opportunity. right now i’m working in renewable and storage asset trading in the power markets. the role is interesting, but for now the focus seems to be more on operations than on analysis or strategy. it’s a solid start, but as i think long-term, i’m not sure i see strong career prospects in electricity trading in europe , it feels too niche and regulated. i’m thinking i’d prefer broader commodity exposure, especially to gas. i’m considering applying to graduate programs at firms like trafigura, glencore, or incommodities when they reopen in august, aiming for a 2026 start. by then i’d have over a year of experience but still be eligible. would love to hear your thoughts : am i off about the electricity trading space in europe? anyone else made a similar pivot? ps: for those curious — salary is €30k in a very expensive southern european city (think barcelona).
commodities course recommendations hi everyone, i’m currently in banking & finance, thinking of pivoting into the commodities industry. i have been searching for courses and would like to ask for recommendations. shipping and commodity academy (saca) is the only one i’ve come across so far & it’s about $1500, wondering if there are any alternatives that might be free or cheaper. if not i would sign up for saca. thanks for the help in advance
is trading just financing + logistics? hello everyone, been following this sub for a while and constantly amazed at the depth of insight available. i'm in dry bulk shipping so always exposed to commodities one way or another and while do not have direct trading experience for bulk commodities, fairly knowledgable on freight. this will be a hypothetical question but the feeling we have on the freight side regarding the role of trading houses' is essentially acting as a trade financier bridging timing and capital gaps (prepaying the supplier and extending credit to the receiver) + arranging the logistics / storage and not actually making money on arbitrage since it cannot exist over a long period of time and margins would be too tight. of course this is not to say traders do not make any money on location/time arbitrage, of course they do, but the main backbone of the business is simply providing credit to buyers and making money on the difference between the buyers' cost of finance vs that of the traders'. is this wrong or an oversimplification? happy to hear any counter arguments and thanks in advance.
future as an energy trader hey guys, this year i am going to do an internship at a trading desk (oil/gas). i am currently studying engineering and really looking forward to my internship but i am curious about the future job market. do you think it's possible that oil/gas won't have a major relevance in +10/15/20 years (green energy, ai, etc)? as already metioned, i dont have any special working experience but just wanted to ask what traders in this field think. edit: i might limited my question to trading but i am also interested about your opinion on research/analyst/..
question on commodities hedging i've been reading how traders can hedge flat price exposure when purchasing/selling crude oil with crude futures. something does not add up to me. if you purchase crude, do you hedge by selling or buying futures? example: let's say i am a trafi/gunvor/glencore trader. for instance, i enter into an agreement to purchase 1000 crude barrels from west africa for delivery in two months at the brent price in 2 months - $2/bbl differential. current spot crude trading at $70/bbl. let's say i hedge my exposure by selling futures for delivery in 2 months at $71/bbl. in 2 months time, after delivery of crude, 2 scenarios. 1. spot crude trades at $75/bbl. i buyback my futures at $75/bbl. my total cost = $81/bbl (75+4) 2. spot crude trades at $65/bbl. i buyback my futures at $65/bbl. my total cost = $59/bbl (65-6) how does this add up. i am not hedging any exposure here. shouldn't i be buying crude futures (and selling futures subequently) when i purchase crude and sell crude futures when i sell crude (and buyback futures subsequently)? fyi this is from an article on risk management by trafi which is causing me all this confusion.
left my role as a trader so as the title says really. i left my role as a trading analyst at a market making firm in the uk. i don’t really know how to feel it’s been a few weeks. the main reasons i left was because i was working 15-18 hours a day and my health was getting worse. my blood pressure was quite high i had other issues begin popping up, which i believe were from lack of sleep and high stress. i still think i maybe my decision was too quick and should go back as i had only been there a few months. i know very few places make you work that many hours at that high stress. there’s other firms where you’re working a lot less hours and i know it’s best to look out for health. you can probably look at my posting history and see how it was going but do you guys think it was a mistake to leave or i was just getting overworked edit: i’m also contemplating what my next steps should be. any help would be appreciated
rejected from both bp and shell grad schemes. as title says, got rejected at the online assessment stage where you respond to hypothetical scenarios at work. are there “right” answers to these assessments that i just haven’t figured out yet? is it likely i failed purely on this, or something else in my application? shame they don’t go into more detail about why one fails but i guess they just have so many applicants.
compensation comparison - trader at a commodity firm vs commodity trader at a dedicated trading firm i've been looking over compensation levels for traders that work at commodity firms (glencore, trafigura, bp, vitol, chevron, etc.) and form what i've seen the compensation for these traders is generally lower than commodity traders at dedicated prop trading firms/hedge funds (optiver, citadel, qrt, jane street, hrt, etc.). would love to hear your insights why is that the case (or why is that not the case)?
a significant global uranium supply deficit explained - it's like the usa and saudi arabia not producing oil anymore. hi everyone, most of the investors when talking about commodities are used to hear about gold, copper, oil, gas, ... uranium on the other hand is a less known commodity. the global uranium supply and demand is in a serious deficit and the uranium price today is still too low to incentives enough new production in the lt to get the global uranium supply and demand back in equilibrium. today the uranium spotprice is \~52 usd/lb, while a price of 80 usd/lb is needed (based on the global production cost curve versus the global annual uranium consumption) the demand for uranium is also growing year afer year due to the global nuclear reactor fleet increase (china, india, ...) even japan now wants to build new reactors. ​ **why is there a global deficit (part 1 and part 2)?** the uranium sector was in a long bear market since 2011 (fukushima). by consequence not enough investments were made in the sector to get new uranium production ready on time to replace uranium mines that are getting depleted now and in the coming years. in the meantime the uranium demand is increasing year after year. => **deficit part1** since 2022 a additional supply problem occured, namely a shift from underfeeding (=secondary uranium supply) to overfeeding (secondary uranium demand) due to a loss of enrichment capacity. a problem that will take many years to solve. => **deficit part2** the impact of the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding will lead to: \- an additional supply gap of \~30 million ponds in 2022 (\~20 million lbs from underfeeding gone + \~10 million lbs (start of overfeeding)) (imo and cameco saying in may 2022 that underfeeding was already gone!) \- an additional supply gap of \~50 million pounds in 2023 (\~20 million lbs from underfeeding gone + \~30 million lbs (overfeeding in full speed)) (based on experts from the nuclear fuel cycle) as a comparison, the global primary uranium supply in 2022 is \~135,000,000lb ​ before the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding, tradetech predicted a 200 million lbs uranium demand compared to only 135 million lbs of total global uranium production in 2022 + 20 million secondary supply from underfeeding, which already led to an annual global uranium deficit of \~45 million lb in 2022 **adding the additional annual deficit of \~30 mlbs (part 2) from the shift to this \~45 mlbs deficit (part 1) results in a total global supply deficit of \~75 million lbs in 2022** ​ based on my estimates the global uranium production in 2023 could increase by 20 million pounds (if everything goes according to all the production plans. but in reality it never goes smoothly, so it will probably be less than 20 million pounds). but ok, let's pretend a 20 million pounds increase of global uranium production in 2023, meaning a total global production of \~155 million pounds in 2023. 200 million lbs uranium demand compared to only 135 + 20 million lbs uranium production in 2023 + 20 million secondary supply from underfeeding that will not exist in 2023, which would have led to an annual global uranium deficit of \~25 million lb in 2023 **adding the additional annual deficit of \~50 mlbs (part 2) from the shift to this \~25 mlbs deficit (part 1) again results in a total global supply deficit of \~75 million lbs in 2023** important to note here is that the estimated global production increase of 20 million lb in 2023 is only possible if the uranium price goes significantly higher than the \~52 usd/lb today. uranium miners will not start or restart production to sell uranium at a loss. period! ​ **what is a global annual 75 million uranium deficit?** the global annual uranium supply deficit in 2022 is \~75mlbs (45+30) and again \~75mlbs (25+50) in 2023 compared to a annual 200mlbs uranium consumption. so this 75mlbs deficit is a 37.50% shortage for global consumption + no spare enrichment. **it’s like having the 2 biggest oil producing countries (usa and saudi arabia) not producing oil anymore!** ​ today the uranium spotprice is at \~52usd/lb, while us miners need a sell price well above 60usd/lb and cameco said in may: ”to restart our us assets we need at least 80usd/lb” note: high season (september/october till february/march) in the uranium sector is about to start. ​ if interested: a) **sprott physical uranium trust** (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange) is an investment in physica uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 16.93 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~51usd/lb. 18.50cad/sh would represent an uranium price of only \~56usd/lb. 21.50cad/sh would represent an uranium price of only \~65usd/lb. ​ b) **yellow cake** (yca on london stock exchange) is also an investment in physica uranium without being exposed to the mining risks yellow cake (421 gbp) still trading at a discount over nav of \~8.5% ​ c) **sprott uranium miners** etf (urnm etf): well diversified 100% uranium sector etf d) individuel uranium company stocks (cameco, kazatomprom, paladin energy, global atomic, ur-energy, denison mines, ...) cheers
history repeating itself? the "regulators" back in the 1970's when bunker hunt had a corner on the silver market stepped up and prohibited buying silver but not selling it. thus, the order flow was to the sell side of the ledger and that nearly bankrupted bunker hunt. now, the 'regulators" are doing the same in game stop on certain apps and the same for amc and so on.
some of these gold-to-commodity ratios are getting pretty wild i was curious recently when i saw how cheap a number of commodities were looking, and i decided to look into the actual preservation of purchasing power over time of gold, and how a number of different commodities compare historically to the price of gold. i’ve always been interested in trying to figure out the true value of things, so i spent a good bit of time crunching a lot of data. one thing that really stood out to me was when i compared the most popular ford 100 years ago to the most popular ford today — the old model t vs. a modern f-150. gold has basically preserved the cost of that vehicle almost exactly across a century. seeing that lined up next to how cheaply a lot of commodities are pricing relative to gold right now made the whole picture feel even more extreme. ultimately i think we’re in a historic time. these ratios are already at levels i haven’t seen before, and the reverse yen carry trade might end up pushing this all to even more extreme levels. if anyone is interested, i put a video covering everything in the comments below.
how do natural gas traders and analysts think about weather? i'm looking into some eia data and i'm seeing very strong relationships between natural gas inventories and temperatures. and if inventories are what drives price, then it seems that price is mostly just a product of the weather to my untrained eye. so how do natural gas traders tend to think about this data? is trading natural gas from a high level standpoint really just trading weather? what is the benefit of modeling underlying fundamentals when weather seems to play such a large role in stocks?
macquarie commodities hey, just wanted to get a sense. as someone who wants to go into physical commodities trading long term, particularly energy, how is macquarie as a place to start out. i would like in the long run to end up at a major or physical shop. anything helps thank you!
analyst or trader - power hello everybody, i am currently working as a gas analyst, for my first job. i am thinking to move to the power market. i should have around 1 year of experience of the gas market when i will move. my question is : is it better to start as a power analyst, or as an intraday power trader. my goal in the long run is to become a trader, but if starting as an analyst makes me a better trader in the long run, i don’t mind. i feel that as an analyst, you understand the market better, but you don’t learn any trading skills (portfolio management, risk management, ...) but i am scared that if you start as a trader, you are a bit too focused on your perimeter of trading, and lack of a global understanding of the market. you might also have less time to go in things into depth. what are the common career path you’ve seen ? happy to hear any point of view / insight ! (ps : i am based in the eu, and graduated from an energy trading course)
python for commodities i noticed an increasing trend of companies asking for individual to be proficient in one programming language as part of their requirement such as rwe graduate program. i’m planning to learn python to remain competitive but i’m unsure if they are looking out for the data analytics side or development side of python. would appreciate if anyone could give me advice :) thank you edit: i’m hoping to join the commercial side! and i have no intention to be a developer
top oil trading firms (london) i'm currently working as an analyst at one of london's oil trading firms but finding myself increasingly disillusioned with my current position. i'd really value insights from those who have experience at different london-based oil trading houses. looking for recommendations on which firms have the best culture, progression opportunities, and compensation structures - both for analysts and the trader track. particularly interested in hearing about: - culture and work-life balance at different houses - realistic progression timeline from analyst to trader - compensation expectations at different levels - which firms are known for developing talent vs. mainly external hiring - general reputation within the industry would especially appreciate hearing from those who've worked at multiple firms and can provide comparisons. while i understand comp discussions can be sensitive, even rough ranges would be helpful for benchmarking. feel free to dm if you'd prefer to share more detailed insights privately.
switching from physical commodities to bank/derivatives hi, is someone working in the commodity trading division of a major bank and can explain a bit what exact differences there are to speculative, directional trading as is done in physical trading houses? e.g. you're a base metals trader at glencore vs. the job as a metals trader in an investment bank. my understanding is that in a bank the trading desk's primary task is not to speculate on price moves (i.e. prop trading), conducting snd research and analysis to build fundamental convictions etc. but rather supply clients in that specific commodity sector with risk management solutions i.e. being more a type of market maker or risk manager of the banks commodity exposure and at best make a profit not only with the products/solutions but also with taking and managing the book's risk via access to markets (derivatives, fx...). the products/solutions are of course a cross-team effort together with the structurers and sales guys i guess. quant/prop shops from what i know are more similar to the big physical shops to that regard that they trade prop and mostly directional across multiple instruments and markets. just missing the fundamental and physical side but adding significant importance on systematic/quant methodologies and (quant) research. i am working as a trader in a large physical trading house but as every job is called the same ("trader") i sometimes wonder what exactly are the differences between the players. happy to not be the smartest in the room here and hear from you guys as i am curious, thanks.
how does commodity trading houses (vitol/glencore/trafi) make money? have an interview coming up. want to know how these firms actually use arbitrages to make profits. e.g. vitol agrees to buy 1000 barrels of crude oil from a producer in north africa and later sells this to a refiner in asia. how could vitol price the oil to the producer and the refiner to maximize profit? how can vitol potentially make money out of this trade through the 3 transformations: time, location, grade?
trafigura has a new oil and gas "boss". started in their junior trader programme. here you go: "holtum joined trafigura in 2014 via its junior trading programme and rose rapidly through the ranks, becoming head of gas, power and renewables just eight years later. " [
python projects for physical trading? i am a fairly non-technical person but have been ramping up on studying python - mainly all the syntax and the main data libraries (numpy, pandas, seaborn, matplotlib, plotly). what are some basic projects that would be recommended in the context of physical commodity trading? (automating things, etc.) really looking to develop this as i get a sense that it can help with landing an offer.
hartree to buy ed&f man [hartree to buy ed&f man]( (bloomberg) -- us energy trading firm hartree partners lp agreed to buy the commodities business of ed&f man, a storied uk trader of raw materials that traces its history back more than 240 years. hartree has already acquired the majority of ed&f man’s outstanding debt and is expected to complete the rest of the transaction in 2025, subject to regulatory approvals, hartree said friday in a statement. the deal includes ed&f man’s three business units that trade sugar, coffee and liquid products such as molasses. the acquisition of one of the most historic names in commodity trading by a relative newcomer is the latest sign of how a bonanza in energy profits during the past few years is reshaping the industry. hartree, previously known as hetco, has in recent years invested cash from its energy trading into a rapidly growing metals business and hired traders to handle in agriculture derivatives. “this agreement marks the exciting first step in the expansion of hartree’s global commodities platform into soft commodities,” guy merison, one of hartree’s founding managing directors, said in the statement. separately, another commodity trading deal was announced friday. vitol group, a major force in oil markets, agreed to buy the last remaining piece of fallen asian commodity trader noble. ed&f man, which once supplied rum to the royal navy, has been restructured in recent years, having sold non-core and under-performing assets, including its shipping and brokerage business and sugar mills in mexico. in 2022, ed&f man got the green light to ring-fence its commodities business, separating it from the rest of the company. it said last year it had received “several unsolicited approaches,” and its talks with hartree were first reported by bloomberg in may. dutch lender rabobank is supporting the hartree deal and is amending and extending credit facilities provided to ed&f man until march 31, 2026. ed&f man’s businesses have “performed very well and delivered against their plan for growth” since the restructuring, the bank said in a statement.
what are the likes of citadel and millennium doing in commodities they have been in the press the last couple of years with significant profits in commodities / energy. have they been they doing large size getting directional trades right or doing something more sophisticated or diverse? what do the commodities pros think?
trafigura: commodities trading demystified long read, and while it's 6 years old, still very relevant and should cover the common question on this forum "what is commodity trading" and other basic questions.
oil market update oil prices gained as iraq disputes cause a curb in crude exports. to expand on that, the world is abuzz with news of crude prices skyrocketing as the iraqi government and kurdish officials lock horns over the resumption of oil exports. the bone of contention lies in the turkish port of ceyhan, where the two parties were unable to reach a consensus on the export of 400,000 bpd of oil. the iraqi government has vehemently opposed the export of kurdish oil from the port without their approval, leading to a heated debate. adding fuel to the fire is the recent arbitration case won by iraq from the international chamber of commerce. the ruling stated that turkey had violated a 1973 pipeline transit agreement by allowing crude from the kurdish region to be exported without the consent of the iraqi government. this has only further complicated matters and left the world on tenterhooks. as the situation continues to unfold, the implications of this stand-off on the global economy are immense. china, the world's second-largest oil consumer, is expected to see a surge in demand, which will undoubtedly affect prices. the country's largest refiner, china national petroleum corp, predicts a staggering +5.1% increase in oil demand, reaching 756 mmt this year, as china emerges from the pandemic. however, things have not been entirely rosy for the chinese market. jan-feb witnessed a -9.4% decline in car sales, and international flights from china were operating at only 22% of pre-pandemic levels as of march 16. that being said, rising crude demand in india has provided a bullish factor for oil prices. on wednesday, india's oil ministry reported that crude oil imports in february had risen by +8.5% yoy to 19.1 mmt, the highest in the past seven months. additionally, vortexa's recent report has revealed that the crude stored on tankers that have been stationary for at least a week saw a +6.9% wow increase to 96.53 million bbl in the week ending march 24. all of these factors are bound to have a significant impact on the crude oil market, and it will be interesting to see how the situation develops in the coming days.
market view on exxon global trading i’m curious what the general industry opinion is on exxon’s global trading organization. from the outside, the growth looks pretty significant compared to where they were at launch ~2 years ago, doubling the london trading team, a major lng footprint in singapore, spinning up a prop power desk in houston, and now the recent agreement to build a power plant in texas. seems like they’re expanding aggressively across barrels, lng, and power. but i’ve also heard some mixed things from people in the past: • lots of internal red tape • traders spending more time building decks to get approval instead of actually trading • compensation not really being “trader-style,” i.e., not tied to p&l the same way it is at merchants or funds is this perception still accurate? or has the culture changed as global trading matures and becomes more independent from the upstream/downstream business units? curious how people inside the space view their trajectory — is exxon becoming a real competitor to the big merchants, or still too bureaucratic to fully compete? would appreciate any insight from people who’ve worked there, competed with them, or interviewed recently.
fundamental analysis on crude oil i'm trying to do a fundamental analysis of crude oil, i know what influence crude oil (opec+,dollar index, geopolitics, inventory) but what else is there,because everyone has this information. what else do i have to look? should go more deep by reading eia and api report etc? please help
career advice: 35 yo mathematics fresh grad. hi. i'm 35, i just graduated with a degree in pure maths. 1. i'm tutoring at the university i graduated from. i'm marking linear algebra exams. i also tutor small children on the side in mathematics. 2. education: degree in sociology, degree in mathematics, b1 in russian language, hsk6 in chinese. i'm far from fluent in either. working on russian first. 3. singapore 4. willing to relocate anywhere including middle east, china, russia. would need sponsorship as i'm not actually allowed to work in any of these places 5. not fussy about the commodity but the lore around russian crude, lithium is interesting. 6. summary of my skills: algebra, (elementary) python (numpy, pandas). i'm working on the data analysis and machine learning. with that said--i understand my biggest weakness is my age. i've read many of the posts and i agree that the journey to becoming a commodity trader is a long one. i would like advice on three things 1. how to become a trader? i have applied for the grad schemes i could find, data analyst positions. i'm looking for scheduler roles. am i insane? 2. is there a place in the industry for someone like me? what are the non-trader paths i could/should go for? i had an acquaintance who works in compliance for an energy company. the salary is like 120k with no commission. i'm fine with that however i don't have a law or accounting background. 3. it has been emphasised many times that the industry is lean and shrinking. i'm the first to admit i'm not the most talented person. is there a place for those who aren't brilliant? should i just go do something else? thank you.
what are the main weather tools gas and power traders look at in the winter? i read through the #natgas hashtag on x every few days to try and understand the market and i keep seeing lots of weather buzz words and abbreviations come up over and over again like nao, enso, etc. i am wanting to understand what these people are talking about but i am having a hard time figuring out the main things people look at. it seems like another language to me but i'm wanting to learn. can someone give some pointers on the main weather indicators people look at in the winter? what is most significant to monitor this time of year?
scam in oil industry.....but why? recently getting many offers specifically for en590 in singapore. seems like everyone is randomly connected to a mysterious refinery in kaz and seems to have ready cargo at below 500 in the tanks. the delusion of these people are insane and really funny. they cant proof anything up but they swear by their refinery that they are legit. dreamers thinking of making 100,000 usd a month just by sending afew emails via gmail or whatsapping. normally, i wouldn't really pay much attention to them but recently been having more time to explore, i find it a really good past time to just see how they think. they just have 2 documents from the refinery, one set of procedures and one set of pricing. if they have even close anything in bulk, they would have a billion in revenue. so here's my question, how do these fake brokers get in touch with these fake refineries? how is it that there is an endless stream of brokers? literally a fake buyer and a fake seller just trading information. what's the end goal for them?
what sucks about commodity trading today? (building a startup, looking for insides) i’m exploring a startup in commodity trading and want to hear what *sucks* in your day-to-day. no pitch, just research. i’ll share a summary back.
natural gas python projects hey all, i work in natural gas trading (not a utility, we spec trade/manage assets). i’m a fairly advanced excel user but want to make the jump to python. i don’t have much experience in programming but i want to start learning python/applying it to my work. anyone have any ideas of where to start? more specifically, i am aiming to forecast the spreads between hubs between different pipeline interconnects (aka pricing points) and henry hub. would be using pipeline receipts/deliveries, weather data, historical prices, etc.
career path to become a physical energy trader hi, i have read a lot of posts on the difference between a broker and a trader. my goal is to become a trader. however given my background (fresh graduate in business analytics from top 10 university in asia), i find it hard to get my foot through the door. i have had some interviews with trading houses and majors, however, i am always rejected on the basis of lacking industry experience, despite having read extensively on oil and gas trading. given the current job market, i feel like it is going to be tough for me to land a trading analyst/ risk analyst role in a trading house/major. on the other hand, i do have an offer as a derivatives broker. however, from my readings, brokers are being phased out of the industry. i am worried that taking up such a job would lead to career obsolescence. is this a valid concern? also, realistically, how likely am i to transition to a trader after spending a couple years as a broker? what would the trajectory of such a transition look like? any advice would be helpful. thank you!
culture at dare/onyx/commodity mms? hi everyone, i'm currently a gas/power quant at a mid size utility and i've been thinking about moving into market making as a trader or analyst as i quite enjoy the maths behind that aspect of markets, however in the commodity space all i have heard about mms like dare and onyx is that the culture and wlb is terrible... i'm pretty sure i can work sustainably for 10ish hours a day 7 days a week, i basically work this much on researching the industry outside of my office hours anyway. i couldn't really care less about people being d\*cks, i have pretty thick skin but i've heard stories of people working **15 hours a day** all week, and to me that is simply unsustainable for even 3+ months let alone years... could anyone shed some light on whether the comments about wlb and expected output are founded or exaggerated? and if this carries into their power/gas departments and not just oil? any comments are appreciated :)
salary commodity trader hi guys. i have a question that everybody is wondering in the industry. how much money traders in commodity make. please if you have an answer detail which product years of experience. how much in the risk/ middle office / operations you make too thanks for the answers
non trading roles in the commodities world wondering what jobs in the commodity trading world pay well that aren’t trading roles? how do ops / marketing / scheduling / procurement roles pay? what does entry level pay look like? what does hiring / recruiting look like for these roles? any advice or insight is appreciated.
many of you seek a life in the energy trading business. in this tale of woe -from a few years ago -shell and a junior ng trader at shell learn a hard lesson. learn from their mistakes. in this tale of trading woe, you folk wanting to get into the commodity trading side of the energy biz (ng in this case) will be better candidates for jobs if you are aware of this very expensive lesson shell had to learn the hard way from some years back. enjoy! and if you are interviewing with shell, don't bring this up unless they do first. [
twitter accounts for energy insights hi all, i am interested in knowing what people/profiles do yall follow on twitter to keep a track of whats happening in the oil and gas industry, us weather, macro news specific to the energy industry etc.
self-starter oil trading hi all i'm exploring the prospects of oil trading on my own in the long term. perhaps gaining as much knowledge as i can with the access i have to physical and paper traders - and then essentially betting on myself by trading with my own money. i have worked for an oil trading company as a market analyst, risk analyst and then an operator. however i’m wonder if the time i’m spending waiting for trading opportunities can be better spent learning to trade on my own. even if it’s paper trading. i noticed that people on x (twitter) seem to trade on their own. is this correct thinking? if so, appreciate any advice on how to get started, where to get information or guidance. for income planning purposes, have you any idea on capital to employ vs the profit that could be generated? i am essentially planning to bet on myself with regard to my desires to trade. it's something i have always wanted to do. any tips or guidance on will be appreciated! thank you so much.
switching careers to commodity trading at 27 hi everyone, i'm a 27-year-old data analyst currently working for a martech company in london. for a while now, i've felt a strong pull towards the dynamic and meritocratic environment of commodity trading, where high stakes are involved. recently, i secured a graduate trading role at dare, a market-making liquidity provider specializing in energy market derivatives. i’m excited about this new chapter but also a bit apprehensive. is 27 too late to start from scratch in this field? do any of you have tips for someone transitioning into commodity trading? additionally, if anyone has insights or experiences with dare, i'd love to hear about them. thanks in advance for your advice and support!
agricultural commodities hi guys hope everyone is well. so i was recently hired by someone close to me to be there right hand. this individual owns a successful origination/physical ags trading firm. i have 0 experience in trading and have never even looked at a chart before this. i am slowly learning through courses with cme, books and youtube. at the moment he is very busy with the company therefore cannot always spend time guiding me through learning the markets and the industry. however i am trying to be as efficient as possible. he has mentioned multiple times that he wants to improve is hedging ability and that this is one of the things he wants me to learn sooner or later. in regard to understanding learning the market as a beginner or even hedging; what resources, courses, books, etc do you guys recommend to fast track my learning as efficiently as possible as i want to become more useful to my boss and company. thankyou in advance .
difficulty breaking into commodity trading i have been applying for ops / risk / grad programs for a few months and haven’t landed an offer yet unfortunately. all my experience is on the ib/pe side and don’t have robust quant skills (have been working on that since i have 0 programming experience). i’ve also been reading up on whats out there on physical trading (primarily crude). usually, either the top shops have hundreds of applicants applying (made it to a tdp final round and got beat out by a guy with more experience) or the smaller shops tell me they want guys with 3+ yrs of experience. i’ve reached out to recruiters that lead some of these programs but haven’t received any responses. this is something i really hope to do as my career so hoping to hear from anyone who broke in if they have further advice (i’m based in houston). i will continue to cold email some of the smaller shops if they are openings for jr talent.
am i a shitty person that doesn’t care about the world? so, i recently got a job offer as a trading analyst for an oil major, specifically for the carbon team. i don’t know much about it, but i know it’s part of the cap and trade program and how it’s about carbon dioxide. i told my friends about it and everyone is very happy except one of my environmental friends who started judging me very heavily. am i fucked up for taking this position and will i cause more harm than good to the world? p.s i’m not a greta thunberg by any means, just wondering if i should argue w her or if she’s right about what she said about how bad it is thank you in advance!
best way to break into power trading? hey all, i am interested in power trading and am trying to figure out the best way to break in. i have a bachelors and masters in econ, math minor, and statistics certificate. ~2 years of work experience so far, most recently electricity pricing. my understanding is that it is somewhat of a “closed shop”- so far my ideas for trying to break in would be applying to any tangentially related job i could find online (risk analyst, market analyst, portfolio analyst, trading analyst, etc.), as well as networking with some people i know who have made it in that industry. does this seem like the right way to go about this? is there anything else i should know?
an important global nuclear power renaissance at different levels unexpected by many (investors, financial sector, utilities, mining sector, ...), while the future global uranium production at current low uranium prices (~49usd/lb) isn't ready hi everyone, here some longer lecture to discover a new sector. take your time the coming days and coming weekend to check the content and the used sources. **this isn't financial advice. never rush into investments. always take your time to do your own dd before investing.** i'm a long term investor the idea of this long an detailed post is to help to get rid of a misconception many people in western europe and north america still think that global nuclear power generation is decreasing, but in fact year after year the global nuclear power generation increases and the last 5 years an important shift to more use of nuclear power (except in germany and belgium) than previously anticipated has started to occur through licence extensions all over the world (usa, canada, fr, japan, ...) and an acceleration in new nuclear power reactor constructions (china, india, russia, france, uk, usa (smr's), uae, south korea, japan, turkey, egypt, ...) **note:** i notice that i can't post images here, so i had to work with a lot of links to images and graphs. look at the graph at the end of this article: [ global nuclear electricity production: [ ​ **a. new reactor constructions:** in the western world we don't notice it yet, but a lot of new reactors are being build and planned for future construction starts as we speak. grid connections, new construction starts and closures in 2022: [ global reactor database with most recent data about grid connections, new construction starts: [ source: world nuclear association overview of all nuclear reactors in construction today and their planned grid connection: [ source: world nuclear association many people think that nuclear reactors always take more than 10 years to build and go well over budget all the time. but the reality is different. yes, the few new reactors build lately in the western world (vogtle units 3 and 4, ...) went well over budget and over time, but the reactors build in china, india, uae are build in \~6 years time and close to budget. link to graph about all reactor constructions worldwide since the start of use of nuclear power: [ source: iaea why that difference? when building many reactors in western world in 1970-1985 the usa, france, canada, ... were in a kind of "assembly line work" mode (fleet mode construction) where different construction work groups went from one construction site to the next construction site which made the construction more efficient. today china and india are in that same situation (fleet mode construction) as the western world was 1970-1985, while the western world lost that workforce with experience in constructing reactors. link: scroll down to find the graph about "**china nuclear power plant construction"**: [ source: world nuclear association by consequence the few new big reactors build in europe and the usa at the moment take much more time, because the workforce/engineers has to reinvent that knowledge. that same workforce will become more and more efficient at future reactor constructions once again. **chinese big move on nuclear reactor build out** western world (usa, eu, south korea, japan) has an increasing supply security issue on different commodities, one of them is uranium. why? china is significantly increasing their uranium consumption in coming years, while many western countries are making u-turn on the use of nuclear reactors by extending the operational licence of many existing reactors (usa, canada, france, ...) and pushing for new reactors constructions in the future (a couple big reactors and a lot of smr's) the 150 additional big nuclear reactors that china aims to build from 2021 to 2035 will on their own increase the global uranium consumption by 30%. add to that the additional uranium demand from all the new future non-chinese reactors that are being build at the moment and in the near future (india, russian, turkey, egypt, south korea, ... usa (smr's), poland, ...) but even uranium investors are seriously underestimating the uranium supply insecurity of china and the share of global uranium production that china will want to claim for themself for 200 chinese reactors. china wants to secure uranium: a) for 150 new first cores (one new reactor core of a 1000mw reactor needs \~1,450,000lb, one 1200mw reactor needs \~1,700,000lb u3o8) link: [ new nuclear reactors planned (scroll down to find the overview): [ source: world nuclear association b) they need to renew old long term supply uranium contracts signed in 2005-2008 that are coming to their end at the moment. c) to build up their own strategic reserve for their own energy security. look at slide 20: [ source: kazatomprom presentation 1 ton u3o8 = \~2204 lb u3o8 (uranium) 1 ton u = 2600 lb u3o8 => 23,000 tu = **\~ 60 million lb u3o8** only as a strategic reserve added to that the needed uranium: \- for the new 150 chinese new cores (moste future reactors are 1200mw reactors) = 150 x \~1,700,000lb u3o8/ new core = **255 million lb u3o8** \- annual consumption of the existing chinese reactors: one 1000mw reactor consumes \~450,000lb/year **compare this with the total global uranium production 2022 of \~135 million lb u3o8** soon kazatomprom and cameco :“sorry western utility, we have less future uranium production available for you, china took more” after kazatomprom/cameco/orano, china is looking at langer heinrich (paladin energy, cnnc asked to restart the mine as fast as possible & recently cnnc bought 26% of the uranium production of langer heinrich of 2023/2024/2025), rossing (buy all uranium instead of leaving a part for western utilities), kayelekera (lotus energy), dasa (global atomic), ... global atomic (glo), energy fuels (uuuu), ur-energy (urg), encore energy (eu) and paladin energy (pdn) are signing uranium supply contracts with utilities as we speak **united arab emirates** has 4 reactors today, the last one is almost 100% build link: [ source: world nuclear association **india** is also increasing the number of reactors they are going to build the coming years link: [ link: scroll down to find the overviews : "**reactors under construction in india"** and "**power reactors planned"** : [ source: world nuclear association those "2022?" will probably be spread over 2023-2025, like uae did (fleet mode construction): construction start of a couple in 2023, followed by a couple in 2024 and the last construction starts in 2025. ​ **b. many u-turns in favour of nuclear energy recently** when fukusihma nuclear accident happened all 54 japanese reactors were shutdown in 2011-2013 and remained shutdown for many years. today however, **japan** made a big u-turn on that subject: \- today 10 japanese reactors are back in service \- the japanese government wants to restart many other japanese reactors by summer 2023 (i expect it will take a bit longer, so let's say by early winter 2023): [ here an update of january 5, 2023: [ \- japan wants to extend the operational licence of many japanese reactors (=> additional unexpected uranium demand): [ \- japan wants to build new reactors link: [ building new western reactors will take 7 to 10 years, you will say. but look what they want to do in following article: link: [ source: john quakes on twitter japan wants to replace reactors on existing nuclear plant sites while preserving the existing infrastructure of today. this will make the construction of a new working reactor much less longer. 3 months ago japan utilities met with cameco to discuss their future uranium needs, because their uranium stockpile reached a critical low level, like in many other countries with nuclear reactors. **south korea** also made a u-turn recently: [ **usa** is putting everyting in place to support the future massive build out of smr (small modular reactors) in the usa, while extending the operational licence of existing reactors: link: [ other countries making a u-turn in favour of nuclear power are uk, fr, ... **all the u-turns and announced operational licence extensions of existing reactors the last 5 months resulted in an additional \~10,500,000 lb annual uranium demand compared to a total global uranium production of 135,000,000lb in 2022.** also: [ ​ **c. the global uranium supply side** **in 2022 the global uranium production will only reach 135mlbs.** and only with a significant higher uranium price in q42022 than today (\~49usd/lb), the uranium sector could maybe reach 155mlbs global production in 2023. but the annual uranium demand in 2022, **before the \~10,500,000lb of unexpected additional annual uranium demand (july, august, september and october 2022 announcements)** is 190-200mlbs (primary demand + first impact of overfeeding in 2022) **which reduces operational inventories** of producers, convertors and end-users (utilities). => that's a defict of \~75mlb in 2022 (200+10-135) and based on my estimates again a deficit of \~70mlb in 2023 (200+15+10-155) **those operational inventories are now at a critical low level according to uxc (presentation in 1h2022), meaning that there isn't any room anymore to reduce operational inventories further.** so now utilities effectively need to find \~190mlbs in the market! but where exactly? today the uranium spotprice is \~49usd/lb, **while the uranium sector needs 80usd/lb to increase production to be able to get global uranium supply and demand in equilibrium again a couple years after reaching those 80 usd/lb** (due to further inflation, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed instead of 80 usd/lb) now comes the time that this will be translated in much higher upward pressure in the uranium market (this happens gradually, not overnight. i'm a long term investor) and because the natural uranium cost only represents \~5% of total production cost of electricity from a nuclear reactor, utilities will not mind to buy uranium above 100 usd/lb if needed, because the cost of shutting the reactor down due to fuel shortage will cost so much more for the utility than paying 2 times the uranium price of today explanation: total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 50usd/lb uranium price = 100 total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 100usd/lb uranium price = 100+5=105 that's only an increase of 5% of total electricity production cost. pure theory, this isn't a price target: total electricity production cost of electricity from nuclear reactor with 300usd/lb uranium price = 100+(7\*5)=135. (still cheaper than in the case of a doubling of the gas price (see lower)) ​ note: total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 50eur/mwh gas price = 100 total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 100eur/mwh gas price = 100+70=170 that's already an increase of 70% of total electricity production cost. total electricity production cost of electricity from gasfired power station with 300eur/mwh gas price = 100+(5\*70)=450 => big problem! ​ and in a couple years some existing uranium mines of today will be depleted and will need replacement by new uranium mines. but those new uranium mines need many years of construction and higher uranium prices than today. **conclusion:** the uranium price is about to increase significantly and due to the global risk off mode of investor on the global stockmarket today the uranium mining companies are again very cheap and have a big upside potential in coming months and couple years. and the market always anticipates. **this isn't financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** ​ if interested: a) **sprott physical uranium trust** (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange) is an investment in physical uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 16.50 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~49.00 usd/lb. here the link to the equity research report about sprott physical uranium trust: [ source: john quakes on twitter while the uranium sector needs 80usd/lb to increase production to be able to get global uranium supply and demand in equilibrium again a couple years after reaching those 80 usd/lb. and if the inflation remains high in 2023, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed instead of 80 usd/lb. the needed 80 usd/lb and 90 usd/lb are based on: \- the global production cost curve analysis compared to the global annual uranium consumption; \- cameco in may 2022: "if the nuclear sector wants us to restart are us assets, than we will need 80 usd/lb uranium sell price" \- amir, ceo of uec, when uranium price was \~50 usd/lb said: "utilities need to pay much higher uranium prices for us production. -> but those higher production cost uranium mines are needed to close the uranium supply gap! => if no significantly higher uranium prices => no uranium production => not enough uranium for all utilities. \- ben finegold of ocean wall on october 7, 2022: "term contracting \~90-100 usd/lb" "we have seen break even prices as high as 90 usd/lb" \- ... 2) **yellow cake** **(yca on london stock exchange)** at an uranium price of only \~47.2 usd/lb (= yca share price 396.3gbp/share), while transactions are occurring now above 60usd/lb and even already 70usd/lb here a link to the nav value of yellow cake and their discount compared to nav value: [ c) **sprott uranium miners etf** (urnm etf): well diversified 100% uranium sector etf source: the bear traps report december 4th, 2022, posted by john quakes on twitter: [ note: the bear traps report is a professional report read by 600 institutional investors (banks, hedge funds, ...) the holdings of sprott uranium miners etf (urnm etf): [ => european alternative: **urnm.l** on london stock exchange = hanetf icav - sprott uranium miners ucits etf d) **global x uranium etf** (ura etf): 70% invested in the uranium sector => european alternative: **urnu.l** on london stock exchange = global x etfs icav - global x uranium ucits etf e) **individual uranium companies:** if you are looking for individual uranium companies, you can look at the holdings of sprott uranium miners etf **this isn't financial advice. never rush into investments. take your time to do your own dd before investing.** i'm a long term investor cheers
everything you need to know before starting commodity trading here is my latest video about commodity trading! [ as always, feedback is welcomed!
commodity of the week: potash **what is [potash]( potash is any of various mined and manufactured salts that contain potassium in water-soluble form. potash is produced worldwide at amounts exceeding 30 million tonnes per year, mostly for use in fertilizers. various types of fertilizer-potash thus constitute the single largest global industrial use of the element potassium. potash refers to potassium compounds and potassium-bearing materials, the most common being potassium chloride (kcl). potash is used primarily as an agricultural fertilizer (plant nutrient) because it is a source of soluble potassium, one of the three primary plant nutrients; the others are fixed nitrogen and soluble phosphorus. potash and phosphorus are mined products, and fixed nitrogen is produced from the atmosphere by using industrial processes. modern agricultural practice uses these primary nutrients in large amounts plus additional nutrients, such as boron, calcium, chlorine, copper, iron, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, sulfur, and zinc, to assure plant health and proper maturation. the three major plant nutrients have no substitutes, but low-nutrient-content, alternative sources of plant nutrients, such as animal manure and guano, bone meal, compost, glauconite, and "tankage" from slaughterhouses, can be used. potash denotes a variety of mined and manufactured salts, all containing the element potassium in water-soluble form. **what is the potash supply chain?** all commercial potash deposits come originally from evaporite deposits and are often buried deep below the earth's surface. potash ores are typically rich in potassium chloride (kcl) and sodium chloride (nacl). there are two types of mining methods used in potash mines: *solution mining* underground solution mining is a technique that refers to the dissolution of soluble rock minerals such as salt by using borehole wells to pump water into the deposit and remove the resulting saturated brine. the process is initiated by drilling two wells through the potash resource, followed by developing a solution mining cavern. once the cavern roof is developed, heated fresh water is injected to dissolve the minerals like kcl and nacl. brine with dissolved minerals is brought to surface via the casing system and sent to a processing facility for recovery by crystallization, followed by dewatering and drying. in the evaporation method hot water is injected into the potash which is dissolved and then pumped to the surface where it is concentrated by solar induced evaporation. amine reagents are then added to either the mined or evaporated solutions. the amine coats the kcl but not nacl. air bubbles cling to the amine + kcl and float it to the surface while the nacl and clay sink to the bottom. the surface is skimmed for the amine + kcl which is then dried and packaged for use as a k rich fertilizer—kcl dissolves readily in water and is available quickly for plant nutrition.[13] *conventional underground mining* conventional underground mining involves both underground equipment and personnel. processes include underground mining, crushing, hauling to the surface, flotation and screening of potash. potash is mined using boring machines and is carried to the underground bins by conveyor belts. it is then brought to surface to the mill by the shaft hoist. through processing in the mill, unwanted components are separated to ensure minimum product standards (i.e., > 60%k o) and various particle size categories are met. [potash facility lifecycle stages]( once mined potash is usually processed using potash flotation or crystallization. potash occurs in soft deposits generally associated with sodium chloride and varying amounts of clay slime, which because of its colloidal character, complicates the beneficiation process. potash ores generally contain 20 to 40 percent kcl with the balance being nacl and a small amount of clay slime, the latter usually in the order of 1 to 11⁄2%. flotation has been developed as the principal separating process for the potash salts which generally are coarsely crystalline and free from the sodium salts at about 10 to 14 mesh. in most cases the potash is floated in the froth product and the salt, nacl, discarded as tailings. a plus 60% k2o product is required and flotation normally will maintain grade at 61 to 62% k2o without difficulty provided thorough desliming is accomplished in the classification. [potash flotation]( [read more about flotation]( potash deposits can be found all over the world. at present deposits are being mined in canada, russia, china, belarus, israel, germany, chile, the united states, jordan, spain, the united kingdom, uzbekistan and brazil.[14] demand for potash is driven primarily by its use in fertilizers for food and biofuel production. an expanding global population, changing diets, and decreasing amounts of arable land have increased the need for fertilizer minerals, including potash (magen, 2010a,b). this increase in demand has led to higher prices and interest in new potash sources. most potash is exported in products such as food and as such it won't return to the land it came from. this is a one-way economic system which converts the mineral resources into waste. it also results in intensive use of potash fertilizer which results in runoff problems and pollution. **what are the current market prices and trends?** [potash price charts]( [usgs 2017 potash production report]( **news:** [potash:what’s next for one of the world’s major fertilisers]( **educational links:** [usgs potash statistics and special publications]( [potash—a global overview of evaporite-related potash resources, including spatial databases of deposits, occurrences, and permissive tracts]( [potassium fertilizer production and technology]( [markets and industries](
commodity of the week: amber *thought i would do something fun this week* **what is amber?** amber is fossilized tree resin, which has been appreciated for its color and natural beauty since neolithic times.[2] much valued from antiquity to the present as a gemstone, amber is made into a variety of decorative objects.[3] amber is used in jewelry.there are five classes of amber, defined on the basis of their chemical constituents. because it originates as a soft, sticky tree resin, amber sometimes contains animal and plant material as inclusions.[4] amber occurring in coal seams is also called resinite, and the term ambrite is applied to that found specifically within new zealand coal seams.[5] **what is the amber supply chain?** about 90% of the world's amber comes from kaliningrad oblast in russia which has been mined since the 12th century. amber can be dredged from the seafloor or mined in open pit or underground mines. in the caribbean, colombian copal and dominican blue amber are mined using dangerous bell pit mining. heat and linseed oil are then used to shape, refine, and craft the amber. "amber" perfumes may be created using combinations of labdanum, benzoin resin, copal (itself a type of tree resin used in incense manufacture), vanilla, dammara resin and/or synthetic materials. **what are current market prices and trends?** amber 500 euro/1 kg rub (₽) spbex **educational links:** [pushing back amber production]( [natural evolution of western shore of the sambian peninsula on completion of dumping from an amber mining plant]( [a new proposal concerning the botanical origin of baltic amber]( [the amber trail in early medieval eastern europe]( [influence of amber mining on the concentration and chemical composition of suspended sedimentary matter](
could someone recommend some books or industry reports about the power trader industry? i'm open to both introductory and more professional articles. whatever it is , i am just starting connect to that industry, trying to learn more about that:) if you have any ideas and share it out, i will be really appreciate!
what’s the hardest commodity to model right now and why? curious to hear what people here think. across the board, i keep hearing about the same pain points: – aluminium premiums acting weird, – cocoa behaving like nothing makes sense anymore, – beef/livestock with totally broken fundamentals, – freight markets that swing wildly without warning, – fuels where crack spreads no longer tell the full story. every year there’s a “problem child” — the one commodity that refuses to follow normal logic. **which commodity do you find the hardest to model right now, and what’s making it so tricky?** structural changes? bad data? supplier games? macros? something else? real-world examples welcome.
supply chain professionals in commodity trading? tl;dr - what senior supply chain roles are offered at commodity trading houses? i have always been super interested in commodities and trading, but being a risk-averse realist i have never shot for the moon to aim for these prestigious trader jobs with glencore / trafig etc. i have a reasonable education (russell group bsc. & oxbridge msc. - both mathematics), and have spent the past four years post graduation at a boutique management consultancy specialising in supply chain - i'd like to explore utilising my supply chain experience as a possible route into this industry. my question is whether there are "high value" jobs within supply chain at these commodity houses? perhaps there is a team managing the freight / warehousing strategy? or do the traders themselves generally manage this on a trade-by-trade basis? obviously there will always be ops guys on the ground, but i'm after something a little more strategic. interested to hear everyone's experience!
new commercial analyst — how do i ramp up and add value fast? just joined a trading shop as a commercial analyst. my background’s in mbb consulting and ops/back office at smaller trading firms. i'm not gunning for a seat on the desk, and also in my mid 30s so ship may have sailed already. just trying to gather feedback on how to be most effective in my role. consulting drilled precision and measurable kpis into me, so the slower pace is new to me. i’ve taken on a few small projects and raised my hand when i can, but i don’t want to overstep or sit idle either. i'm also new (under 6 months). my focus will be helping with pnl and mtm reporting. we have a lot of manual processes that i can i can semi-automate in power query/power bi. i'm not good at python, but can learn. i’ve also been getting up to speed on the products i'll be covering through twitter, podcasts, and other sources since i covered different products in consulting mainly for the oil majors. for those who’ve made a similar transition, how do you build momentum early on, show value, and integrate well with trading teams without pushing too hard?
what do you wish you had done differently early on? i’m just looking for hindsight from people already working in physical markets: trading, ops, deal desk, risk, analytics. whether you are a couple of years in or much further along: 1. one thing you would have done earlier that paid off. one thing you would have skipped even if it looked good at the time. 2. a skill you under invested in that later proved critical. a skill you spent too much time on that didn’t matter. 3. what you notice rookies are missing most when they show up. 4. whether coding is on its way to being a requirement for front office seats or just an edge for those who can use it. 5. which seats, products, or workflows you would bet your career on for the next five years, and which you would avoid. please include your seat, market, region, and yoe if you’d like. example: crude trading, geneva, 10 yoe. bulk operator, singapore, 3 yoe. deal desk, houston, 4 yoe. tldr: if you were starting again, what would you double down on, what would you drop, and what blind spots should rookies kill early?
building a business in commodity trading the title of this post basically summarizes what i want to address. in this forum, most threads focus on the employee perspective of the commodities trading business, which is completely normal, as it reflects the experience of most of us. however, i’ve often thought about the opportunities available to entrepreneurs in this field. it’s a highly competitive market with tight margins and extremely high demand for capital and credit, which are difficult to obtain. we often talk about the elite firms in the commodity trading business, but the truth is that, despite their size, these companies don’t have full control over the market. that being said, i’d like to hear your thoughts on starting a commodity trading company in this sector. i understand this might be a difficult topic to comment on, as it applies to a very select group of individuals who’ve had the opportunity to pursue it. below are some questions i’m curious about, feel free to answer any of them or bring up other relevant points: **suggested questions:** * realistically, how feasible is to start a commodity trading firm? * is it profitable? when does it typically become profitable? * what are examples of companies that have recently entered the commodity trading market? what strategies have they used? * how can one overcome the capital/credit constraints in the beginning? * are there any commodity categories (energy, metals, agriculture) that offer more opportunities? * would it make more sense to target a niche/smaller commodity, or focus on the most traded ones, where margins may be lower but volumes are much higher?
how did you know you actually wanted to be a trader? i often see posts here asking how to break into trading — how to get a foot in the door — but i rarely see people talk about **how they decided they truly wanted to become traders** in the first place. to those already trading (physical or paper): at what point in your early career did you become convinced that you *wanted* to be a trader — not just enter the industry? how did you know you were ready to take on the pressure, the constant decision-making, and the responsibility that comes with real pnl and market risk? i imagine some students or early-career folks are drawn to the title or the potential comp — but trading isn’t just about the upside. it’s a high-stress, high-responsibility job where you’re often making decisions under uncertainty. so i’d love to hear: \-what made you confident (or curious) enough to pursue trading seriously? \-were there specific moments or experiences that clarified that it was (or wasn't)for you? \- what are the realities of the responsibilities that come with such a position?
breaking into agricultural commodities hey guys, gonna try and keep my post short. i’m interested in breaking into commodities as an analyst or scheduler, specifically in agriculture. listing my credentials below for background info: age 24, u.s. citizen education: - finance degree from a non-target 4-year university in the u.s. experience: - 2 years of experience in supply chain/marketing/logistics in food + pet food industries. bulk of experience in grocery wholesale, specifically a category management role. location preferences: new york city, seattle, chicago questions on a possible path to where i want to be: 1. am i too late to give commodities a shot? i hear a lot of associates in the industry come in straight out of undergrad after interning. 2. will any post-grad education make a break-in easier? i’ve been looking at a few financial engineering programs, anybody know if that’d be of any help? 3. is the career/money worth the stress? how much upward mobility is there both with and without job hopping? thanks!
can you make decent money trading gas and power? compared to other commodities, such as crude, metals etc. p.s.: i guess the answer is a firm 'yes'. as a uni student who is super inexperienced in the field, forgive my lack of knowledge.
trafigura and ex-coo convicted of bribery by swiss court trafigura and its former chief operating officer were convicted by a swiss court on bribery charges, the first time a senior executive at a major commodity trading house has been found guilty of corruption. link: [
starting a commodity related newsletter – what do you think? hi everyone! i want to start a commodity-focused newsletter to share insights, trends, and updates on the market. would this be something you’d find useful? i’d love to hear your thoughts! any specific commodity or market angles you’re most interested in? what topics would you like to see covered? let me know your opinions – your feedback will help shape this idea! tia!
oil trading remuneration in geneva/singapore - junior spot hi all, i’ve been approached my a small shop based in geneva and potentially in singapore (they want to open a shop there), to join as a junior trader. i have ops experience but the idea is that i would be trained up to trade oil for them. current plan is crude oil. we haven’t negotiated on renumeration yet, please can you advise on what would be a fair base + bonus? i have some junior trading experience already (hedging cargoes, tracking positions) wondering what would be fair to negotiated as a base and bonus expectations. i’m based in london currently so not sure what pay is like out there. can you please advise on what to expect as a junior trader and also in the long run as i grow into an actual trading role/seat. thank you so much!
in your job interview with an oil trading company, having read this article on "who's who in financial barrels " may impress your interviewer it's an article about a year old. i posted both links (intro and full). enjoy! here's the intro with download link: [ here's the article (no paywall) : [
advice needed: starting a commodity trading business hi everyone, i’m looking to get some honest and practical advice from the community about starting a commodity trading business on my own. here’s my situation: my background: -i’m based in brussels belgium -no prior experience in commodity trading. -i’m extremely motivated to break into the industry and willing to take calculated risks. -i’ve been self-educating through courses and researching markets extensively. -i speak english and french my challenges: 1. i don’t have an existing network of suppliers, buyers, or mentors. 2. financing deals is a concern—how do i manage cash flow and secure trust with suppliers and buyers? what i’m looking for: -strategies to start small: how can i break into the market with my budget and gradually scale up? -tips for building trust: how do i build credibility with suppliers and buyers without a proven track record? -pitfalls to avoid: what are some common mistakes new traders make, and how can i steer clear of them? i’m eager to hear from anyone with experience in commodity trading or small-scale entrepreneurship. if you’ve started in this field, how did you approach your first deals? any lessons learned would be incredibly helpful. thanks in advance for your time and insights
trafigura allegedly turned it's trading unit into a "cost center" due to weak risk management and compliance at highest level. (reposted from yahoo with no paywall) interested in working for a powerful, global reading company? they won't teach you this in computer science courses or mba programs. oh but you'll hear about it anyway sooner or later. in this tale of trading woe the analogy of "wolves guarding sheep" is used pertaining to compliance which is part of risk. many o you come to this area to seek info about trading, risk, compliance etc as a possible career. you can learn a lot from the trouble trafigura is in now. (former coo looking at 4 years in the slammer.) don't let that happen on your cv in the future. [
career paths: commodity trader abcd hi everyone, i recently graduated with a b.a. in economics and was hired as a commodity trader at one of the major grain trading firms (abcd). i’m curious to learn more about the potential career path in this field. could anyone share insights on what the typical progression looks like for this role? thank you!
what's the most dullest part of being a physical commodities trader? lots of people here want to get into the trading space. but i'd like to know what are the most dullest part of being a physical commodities trader?
is saudi arabia poised to trigger a global oil price war? is saudi arabia poised to trigger a global oil price war? after the financial times reported that saudi arabia had abandoned its $100 price target, iran's retaliatory missile strikes quickly brought the "war premium" back into the market. as a result, wti crude has rebounded 7.5% from last week's lows. but how long will this momentum last? according to easy newz’s energy expert, the real concern isn't saudi arabia backing off its $100 target. instead, it's the kingdom’s readiness to engage in a price war to reclaim market share, as other opec members continue to disregard production quotas. from easy newz: saudi arabia has been frustrated by other opec members, such as iraq and kazakhstan, who haven't stuck to their agreed production limits. even though opec's leader visited these countries in august and got promises to stick to the rules. the kingdom told the ft it could speed up production increases if these countries continue to overproduce. currently, saudi arabia's oil production is at 8.9 million barrels per day, the lowest since 2011. the wall street journal reported this morning: the saudi message was “there is no point in adding more barrels if there isn’t room for them in the market,” said a delegate who attended. “some better shut up and respect their commitments toward opec+.” the article also singles out iraq and kazakhstan, even as opec’s global market share fell from 51% to 48%. a complicating factor for the kingdom is its spending. the kingdom’s ambitious plans for neom do not come cheap. the surplus fell from over $150 billion to $20 in less than 2 years. oil prices could tumble to $50 if saudi arabia follows through on its threat. compliance will be put to the test. members will discuss a december increase at a meeting later today (october 2). the stakes for today’s meeting just got a bit higher. opinions are those of a 40-year veteran crude oil trader. not meant as trading or financial advice.
thoughts about intraday power trading what's the outlook on this career / desk, do people aim to move towards trading further along the curve, and how do starting salaries fare? and would this be a good place to start in commodities or is it too niche? thanks in advance, and appreciate any other advice as well!
power trading hi everyone i currently work in the market surveillance/regulation team of a supermajor in the uk we are really starting to build out the power desk so the knowledge in this space is becoming becoming the focus of everything being done, along with environmental products. i know the obvious basics on trading through resources like ice and epexspot and a bit about the market strucutre through acer and nationalgrideso but does anyone have any good in depth resoruces like books, good youtubers, websites, linkedin people to follow etc to build knowledge in uk and eu power and environmental products? any power traders out there - how did you learn what you needed to know other than just hands on experience (if there even is a replacement for that) thanks!!
commodities programming and modelling learning resources hi all, im a postgraduate stem student, with an interest in data science and modelling and im interesting in entering the commodities trading business as an intern (ideally). i am looking for online resources to learn how to apply programming skills (using python if possible) to get a few projects under my belt and learn more about the commodities markets (i.e oil, gas, power, carbon) and modelling techniques (perhaps forecasting or modelling supply, demand, storage etc). are there any such resources that are friendly enough to start learning how to make these models (albeit at an introductory level) so i can gain more knowledge and perhaps show this knowledge to interviewers etc? appreciate all the help
commodity merchants hey guys - new to the sub here so wanted to get your thoughts on a few things regarding commodity merchants and energy vs metals trading. 1. how do places like castleton, hartree, freepoint compare to each other in terms of comp, culture, talent, brand name etc? 2. recently, i’ve been reading a lot about energy being the top pnl generator for some of these shops. what about metals? do you think metals will get their time to shine? 3. how does power/gas trading compare to metals trading wrt skills, lifestyle, exit opps? do you foresee the influx of quant analytics into metals trading as it has been for power/gas? i really appreciate your feedback as most opportunities these days are in power/gas but my interests lie more on the macro side of thing (ie metals)
what are the essential books for commodity traders?
so let me get that straight: "the uranium spot buying vs spot selling in 2023” hi everyone, this is a very long and detailed overview of the situation in the very tiny uranium spotmarket. you will probably need to read it a couple times, sorry. but if you want to connect the dots of a market, you need to talk about a lot of factors. if interested, take your time in coming days to read this and to look for additional information on the points mentioned here. **this isn’t financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** **a. intro** before reading the long post about the uranium spotbuying vs uranium spotselling, first this: a) the real action for the uranium and nuclear sector is in the lt contracting cycle. the uranium spotmarket for utilities and enrichers is mainly for adjustments in u3o8 needs a latest chart from cameco showing the growing global uranium supply deficit: [ b) about those \~25mlbs/y of primary uranium production being sold through the spotmarket. this is based on the known uranium production of spotsellers (olympic dam, uranium one, african jv partners, itochu (navoi), ...) and confirmed by global supply and demand graphs talking about 2021 and before. also the total global uranium production in 2022 was \~135 million pounds. total global uranium production in 2023 could reach \~150 million pounds (previously 155 mlbs, but kazakhstan will produce 4 to 5 million pounds less in 2023 now) in 2023, if everything goes according to plan. that’s it! so the more uranium pounds sold in the spotmarket,the less can be sold to utilities through lt contracts and vice-versa. you can’t sign more lt supply contracts for delivery in 2022/2023 and sell more uranium through the spotmarket. the global market has to do it with 135/150 million pounds produced uranium in 2022/2023. ​ **c) comparison between what happened in october 2006 in the uranium sector and what is happening today:** just to put it into perspective: the impact of the shift from underfeeding to overfeeding (20mlb/year + 20mlb/year) is more than 2 times that big as the impact of the cigar lake uranium mine flood in 2006 (18mlb/year of production that were planned for 2010 back than were temporary lost due to the flood in 2006), and now we can add the unexpected loss of 4 to 5 million lb of production in 2023 to that. for information on that that, i refer to my post of 19 days ago: [ **d) a week ago japan announced an significant additional u-turn (in fact the biggest u-turn in the sector) in favour of nuclear energy**: link 1: [ link 2: [ why is this an important u-turn? before the tsunami that caused the fukushima accident in 2011 japan had 54 big reactors that represented 1/9 of all big reactors globally at that time. when the fukushima accident had happened japan shut all the reactors down starting in 2011 (the last reactor was shut down in 2013). than a lot of japanees uranium stockpile was sold into the market for many years (2011-2020) and caused the uranium price to drecrease to unsustainable low prices for future uranium production. as long as there was a lot of uranium stockpile selling into the market there was enough uranium supply at too low prices to incentives new uranium production. starting in 2018 the global annual production was significantly lower than global annual consumption which helped to consume a lot of the uranium stockpiles of japan and smaller sellers. than in 2021 and in the first 3 months of 2022 the "consumption" of those uranium stockpiles went much faster with many financial players and producers/developers also buying uranium out of the market which significantly decreased the uranium stockpiles of the past 10 years. in q12022 uxc (uranium consultant for all the utilities in the world) warned western utilities that based on the sector survey of end 2021 the operational uranium reserves (stockpiles) reached critical low levels!! and now you have japan going from an important uranium seller in 2011-2020 to major uranium buyer for many decades to come, just at the time that most of the uranium stockpiles of the past have disappeared. now new production is needed to satisfy future uranium consumption, but 55usd/lb is too low to make a profit for many needed uranium producers. based on the global production cost curve analysis vs the global annual uranium consumption, we know that eventually 80usd/lb (and if inflation remains high, soon 90 usd/lb will be needed) will be needed to get enough uranium production online a couple years after reaching a sustainable 80 usd/lb price **i'm a long term investor, but some investors are wondering what the situation is in the spotmarket, so:** **b. so let me get that straight** (an updated since i posted this on twitter 3 weeks ago): 1. kazatomprom announced that kazakhstan will produce 4 to 5 million lbs less in 2023 than previously anticipated, but the production level in kazakhstan of kap, ccj, orano are based on lt contracts => more uranium spotbuying needed! + 100% of uranium one production comes from jv’s in kazakhstan => lower production = less uranium spot selling from uranium one. **conclusion:probably an additional couple million pounds of uranium spotbuying coming from her + less uranium selling through the spotmarket** 2. **yellow cake buying 1.35 million lbs** from kazatomprom by using the 2022 option, while the purchase option for 2023 (100 million usd) still remains available for yellow cake to be executed => but kazatomprom production is based on lt contracts, not on optional purchases from yellow cake and kazatomprom will also produce less uranium in 2023 than previously expected, so 1.35 million pounds will most probably not come from produced uranium end2022/early 2023, but from elsewhere = more uranium spotbuying if kap wants to keep their 6 to 8 months operational reserve at that level. 3. **anu energy aims to raise 500 million usd** (100m in 2q2023 + 400m through ipo (ipo will probably be in 2024) **to buy physical uranium** with from kazatomprom. again, uranium that kazatomprom will have to get from elsewhere (= additional uranium spotbuying), because their production will be lower in 2023 and the planned production level of 2024 became less certain too. for instance 500m usd at 62.5 usd/lb is **8 million lbs of uranium** 4. the many u-turns (south korea, japan, sweden, uk, mexico, diablo canyon & other us reactors, belgium (based on 2 1000mw reactors, today they talk about extending operations of 5 reactors),...) in 2h2022 added an annual uranium demand of \~10 million lb (i went through the entire list of reactors concerned by those u-turns in 2h2022) that will partially start to impact the uranium market in 2023 => **the annual supply gap increased by \~10 million lb/year.** 5. western underfeeding gone since 1h2022, so no secondary supply from underfeeding anymore, while enrichers have engaged themself in secondary supply deliveries for the future => in theory western enrichers have 2 options: (1) buy their share of uranium to be able to honor their secondary supply commitment => increasing uranium demand. or (2) not honor the delivery of that secondary supply which decreases global uranium supply compared to the situation before 1h2022. **consequence: either way it results in an additional global supply gap (\~20mlb/y)** 6. **overfeeding could increase global uranium demand by \~20mlb/y too** 7. u3o8 supply today is based on lt contracts signed when the sector was in an underfeeding environment and where everyone in the uranium and nuclear sector thought that that environment of underfeeding would remain for years to come. but surprise surprise, an unexpected major shift from underfeeding to overfeeding happened. meaning that the additional uranium needs to be able to overfeed end2024/2025 and beyond with additionally produced uf6 in 2023 and beyond isn’t covered by the existing lt contracts today! => consequence: uf6 stockpiles within the fuel cycle will decrease significantly (followed by uf6 restocking) + all u3o8 delivered today through those existing lt contracts but used today (uf6 production today for overfeeding end2024/2025) for the overfeeding part of eup production will decrease the u3o8 available from those existing lt contracts for eup production outside the overfeeding part (see lower example \*) + significant increase of uranium spotbuying (because a pure uranium producer plans his future production level based on signed lt contracts and can’t increase production in 6 months time. most of the time it takes years to significantly increase production after signature of lt contracts) => consequence: a part of the additional uranium demand in 2023/2024 from the loss of underfeeding (\~20mlb/y) & from the start of overfeeding (also \~20mlb/y) will one way or another have to be supplied without lt contract covering that supply => **much more uranium spotbuying coming** and possibly purchases of uranium stockpiles of $dnn (2.5mlbs) $uec (total stockpile: \~3mlbs by in 2023, 5mlbs by end 2025) $urc $uuuu (<1mlbs) (but they will not sell a large part of their physical uranium at 60usd/lb. forget that. 80usd/lb uranium price, welcome) 8. **china has a huge uranium supply insecurity!!** china only has 7 very small mines domestically that together only produce \~5mlbs/y. they are building a strategic reserve on the border with kazakhstan (alashankou uranium bonded warehouse) with a storage capacity of 23,000 tu (= 60 million lbs). what do you think will happen with that storage if a conflict with taiwan starts? they will fill it as quickly as possible & keep it entirely for domestic consumption! they are already filling it with the first delivery + signing short term supply contracts (cnnc buying 26% of of 2023-2025 production of langer heinrich, ...) 9. **carry traders** with multi year supply contracts signed in 2020 for delivery in 2021-2024. how much of those contracts still exist? remember that in 2021 carry traders sold some uranium stockpiles to sput while uranium spotprice was higher than uranium long term price, pushing carry traders to replace that sold uranium with new uranium supply in the future. most of it will most probably be uranium supply through multi-year contracts with producers, but a small part could be through uranium spotbuying in 2023/2024. 10. many existing lt contracts with utilities have a contracted optional supply on top of the fixed lt supply. when overfeeding hits the utilities, all those utilities with a contracted optional supply will activate that option asking their suppliers (producers) to deliver more uranium than the fixed lt uranium supply. but did producers cover 100% of this optional demand with existing production? i doubt it, because producers have also been surprised by that sudden shift from underfeeding to overfeeding. **consequence: if this optional demand isn't 100% covered with existing production, those producers will have to find uranium from elsewhere (uranium spotbuying from producers) to be able to honor 100% of this optional demand.** 11. what will sprott physical uranium trust buy in the spotmarket during the remaining 11 months in 2023? (february 15,2023: they just increased their atm with an additional 1.3 billion usd capital raise capacity) (\*) example: lt contract 900,000lb/y signed in 2020 good for 12 months of consumption of 2 1000mw reactors before shift happened. if in 2023 they use a part of those 900,000lb for overfeeding, those 900,000lb will not be enough for 12 months of consumption anymore, but only for 10 months of consumption. so ok, let’s take **a conservative (imo) scenario about the 2023 impact on spotmarket:** 1. 4 to 5 million lb less produced in 2023 \~> 60% impacting uranium spotmarket = 2.5 million spotbuying + 0.5 million less spotselling from uranium one 2. yellow cake 1.35 million lb purchase comes integrally from uranium spotbuying 3. 100m anu energy \~2mlb comes integrally from uranium spotbuying in 2023, while the remaining 400m anu energy \~6mlb comes 33% (= \~2mlb) from spotbuying and 67% from kazatomprom production in 2024 4. u-turns in 2h2022 only partially impact the uranium market in 2023. let’s pretend this doesn’t impact the spotmarket but 100% the term market (lt contracts) 5. underfeeding gone = 20mlbs/y less supply or an additional 20mlbs to be bought by the western enricher \~> an idea: western enricher swaps existing secondary supply from underfeeding that doesn’t exist anymore with a new u3o8 delivery that the enricher bought so that the operational reserve of the utility/client remains at the “same level” => u3o8 partially bought in spotmarket, let’s pretend only 25% of 20mlb in 2023 is bought in the spotmarket = 5 million lbs 6. preparation for overfeeding: converdyn restart in 2023 = uf6 production increases in 2023 = u3o8 consumption increases in 2023, but without being covered by lt contracts => 30% covered by operational u3o8 reserves decrease (followed by u3o8 restocking) and 30% by spotbuying (= 6mlb in 2023). (for 2023 i keep the remaining 40% of those \~20mlb aside because the impact of overfeeding only starts in 2023, and will most probably increase towards 20mlbs/y after 2023). 7. note: all the potentially decreases of operational u3o8 reserves in 2023 will have to be filled with new u3o8 again in 2024. so in 2024 the impact of overfeeding will be much bigger 8. china is buying a lot of short term and longer term uranium supply. investors don’t notice it easily, but it’s happening (takeover of 68% of rossing mine in 2019 (before the takeover 25% of rossings production was sold through the spotmarket, today that part of the uranium production goes to china too), ccj, kazatomprom, orano, now paladin energy (26% of 2023-2025 production), next? global atomic, bigger share of production of langer heinrich (paladin energy) going to cnnc? eventually, if necessary (if they have to act fast) china will knock at the door of uranium one for instance and pay them “100usd/lb” for their production instead of uranium one selling through the spotmarket. ukraine, taiwan, anyone? 9. carry traders: let’s pretend this doesn’t impact the spotmarket but 100% the term market (lt contracts) 10. let’s pretend that 100% of optional demand is covered by existing production, meaning that no additional uranium demand will be bought by those producers, but those producers will have less uranium going into their operational reserves. all uranium spotbuying from producers due to overfeeding is part of the potential uranium spotbuying due to overfeeding under point 6 11. between january 13, 2023 and february 2, 2023 sprott physical uranium trust already bought 1,276,847 lb in 2023. between february 6, 2023 and february 15, 2022 sprott physical uranium trust bought an additional 700,000 lb, while still having 42 million usd cash ready to buy more total conservative spotbuying (or less spotselling) in 2023 with data today: 2.5m + 0.5m + 1.35m + 2m + 5m + 6m + (1.276m+0.7m) = already 19.326mlb compared to 25mlb of global total annual production being sold through the spotmarket before the shift. ok, so on february 15, 2023 we already found a buyer for \~75% of those 25mlb in 2023 (25mlb could be significantly less today) + a couple 100k lbs of 2022 production that waited at the sideline when sput wasn’t active. **now look back at all the potential additional uranium spotbuying i left aside while making that conservative scenario:** 1. kazakhstan production loss: 40% = 2mlbs 2. yca: option of 2023: 100million usd \~> 1.7mlbs at for instance 58.82usd/lb 3. anu energy: 4mlbs in 2024 4. a small part of the additional annual 10mlb/y demand impacts the uranium spotmarket (example 1mlb) 5. underfeeding gone: 15mlb 6. overfeeding end2024/2025 impacting u3o8 buying in 2023: no operational reserve decreases, so additional 30% (not going to use 100% because conversion only gradually increases and not starting on january 1, 2023) through spotbuying = 6mlb 7. the more operational u3o8 reserves decrease in 2023, the more u3o8 restocking in 2024 8. china orders to accelerate the uranium buying in 2023/2024, if tensions around taiwan start to increase, and if not enough uranium is available on time they will go to the spotmarket 9. carry traders being partially uncovered for their existing multi year supply contracts to utilities (example 1mlb) 10. not 100% of optional demand is covered by existing production, meaning producers will buy some additional uranium in the spotmarket (example 4mlb). all uranium spotbuying from producers due to overfeeding is part of the potential uranium spotbuying due to overfeeding under point 6 11. sprott physical uranium trust buying on average 500,000lb or a couple million lbs uranium in the spotmarket per month (example 1: 1.5mlb in february + (500,000lb x 10 months) = 6.5mlb / example 2: 2mlb in february + (1.5mlb x 10 months) = 17mlb) **total additional uranium spotbuying left aside in my conservative scenario: 2m + 1.7m + 1m + 15m + 6m + 1m + 6.5m to 17m = 33.2mlb to 43.7mlb** you only need a very small part (6 to 7mlb) of those 33.2mlb to 43.7mlb to also impact the uranium spotmarket and all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts (\~25mlbs/y + couple 100k lbs of 2022) would have been bought and taken out of the market! **a couple examples (\*):** **(\*) those examples were written 2 weeks ago. and 2 weeks later we see that the situation evolved like expressed in those examples regarding the spotbuying and spotbuying power from sput in february 2022)** i. if sput only buys an additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 (they still have 42 million usd cash today) and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option and the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying, but the loss of underfeeding causes a 11mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 5mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! ii. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but the overfeeding causes a 12mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 6mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! iii. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 0lbs in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but china orders to accelerate the build out of their strategic operational uranium reserve in 2023 at their alashankou uranium bonded warehouse (example: buying the remaining 2.35 mlb langer heinrich production of 2023, preventing rossing to sell even a bit in the spotmarket in 2023 and buying 5mlb in spotmarket in 2023), than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! note that the alashankou uranium bonded warehouse storage capacity would increase from 3000tu in 2021 to 13000tu in 2023. 10,000 tu = 26 million lb of additional storage capacity in 2023. iv. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 400,000lbs/month on average in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, but the 4 to 5mlb loss of uranium production in 2023 causes a 5mlb spotbuying in 2023 instead of 3mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! v. if sput only buys additional 800,000lb in 2 last weeks of february 2023 and 600,000lbs/month on average in coming 10 months, yca doesn’t activated their 2023 purchase option, the overfeeding doesn’t cause an additional uranium spotbuying and the loss of underfeeding doesn’t cause more uranium spotbuying than the 5mlb in the conservative scenario, than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! vi. if you combine 20% of the 5 previous examples (making 5x 1.3mlbs additional uranium spotbuying all 5 together), than all uranium produced in 2023 uncovered by lt contracts will have been bought! **well, ok than :-d see you significantly higher** **$u.un, $u.u and $sruuf** **sprott physical uranium trust (sput) (u.un on the tsx and sruuf on us stock exchange)** is an 100% investment in physica uranium (no uranium on paper!) without being exposed to the mining risks u.un share price at 17.65 cad/share represents an uranium price of \~52usd/lb, while transactions above 60usd/lb and even already at 70usd/lb are occurring today. here a link to a recent company update with 12 month price target for sprott physical uranium trust: [ ​ with a market going from risk off to more and more risk on again in coming months, i expect sprott physical uranium trust to buy significantly more pounds than 500,000lb/month in coming 10 months with the support of the flywheel effect from urnm etf and ura etf note: the fed raised rates from 2004 til mid 2006 as well: source: [ fyi. the uranium spotprice went parabolic from 2006 til mid 2007 **this isn’t financial advice. please do your own dd before investing.** cheers
anyone here thinks that a commodity supercycle is coming post covid? feels like china's dominant position in across all subsets of commodities is here permantly. it'll be hard for a disjointed us to contest and the rest of the world to be able to do anything. going forward i'd expect more imports of commodities into china being one of the first to recover from covid.
gunvor interview graduate program hi all, has any of you moved to the next stage past the online assessment? i haven't got anything and i want to know if i'm still in the race
which physical signals usually move spreads before flat price does? something i keep noticing: spreads almost always react before flat price. but the signals that move them tend to be physical, micro, and often invisible in standard market data. recent examples across metals/energy/agri: * freight availability tightening before any change in crack spreads, * refinery run-rates shifting (or product mix changing) days before structure reacted, * conversion margins compressing ahead of backwardations, * export flows being re-routed well before regional premia widened. most models watch structure → but structure itself is often responding to these physical signals. the question is: which physical or logistical indicators do you track that reliably move spreads before flat price? freight? run-rates? loadings? conversion costs? interested in hearing real workflows from traders, analysts, and physical ops teams.
how do you consistently generate natural gas trade ideas? looking for guidance on building a proper system hey all, i work at a commodities research firm and i’m trying to level up how i generate natural gas trade ideas in a more systematic way. right now, i already have: - a norwegian supply model that accounts for maintenance (remit, gassco schedules, historical behaviour, etc.) - an ldz demand model - an eu + uk production/supply model i’m aware there are more components to look at, my team has access to and models those, but i want to understand the actual framework experienced traders/analysts use to convert all these moving parts into proper trade ideas. my question is: beyond individual models, what systems, dashboards, or processes should i have in place so i can consistently identify profitable natural gas trades (directional or spreads)? for example: - what fundamentals do you monitor daily vs weekly - how do you track and rank catalysts? - how do you structure a bias sheet? - what risk indicators matter the most (storage incentive, prompt/forward curve shape, outage cliffs, weather deltas, lng balances, cross-commodity spreads, etc.)? - how do you decide whether an insight actually becomes a trade idea vs just “interesting data”? any practical advice, examples of workflows, or tips on building this system would be massively appreciated. thanks!!
how do weather derivatives work?
good technical skills for a commercial analyst beyond excel i've heard power bi and python, but are there any other technical skills that could be useful and manageable to develop in 6 months? considering ai, are developer skills even useful if you can have chatgpt or claude write code for you?
is shell graduate supply & trading program worth it? my goal is outsized career path in commodities, either as a trading analyst or trader down the line. (i am an analytical person) is this program a good seat? it’s 3 years long with two rotations. is it a good launchpad to the trading houses or a trading seat at shell? currently i’m in a kushy tech job, but the risk is worth it to me if i can get down the commodity trading path. any advice would be appreciated on this program (it’s not tdp).
not a trader, but working with traders. how do you build credibility and make an impact? work at a gas and power trading shop reporting to exec leadership. my job is to streamline mark-to-market, p&l, and position reporting. basically help tell trading’s story and help traders manage risk, profitability, positions, and strategy better. main issue: deals don’t always make it into the system, and there’s a general lack of organization in trading that creates friction with other desks, especially when performance dips. strategy seems rudimentary. there could be some larger tie ins to which track w/ trends in power and gas markets i.e. growing lng demand, or off the grid data centers in rural parts of the country which need gas-fired gen to run. my boss wants me to build relationships with traders and drive process efficiency. i’ve worked in trading support and adjacent roles but never traded directly. how can i build credibility fast and add real value? right now i’m just being a sponge observing, learning the business, and spotting inefficiencies, but i want to go beyond that and actually help fix things. background: power and gas trading operations + strategy consulting. commodities i’ve touched include power, gas, crude, and products across retail, traditional trade shops, and o&g majors.
how do gas / power traders assess the winter weather this far out? when it comes to trading natural gas and power, it seems that winter weather can be a large driver of price volatility. i know it's very far out, but are there any indicators traders and meteorologists look at this time of year to get an idea of what winter can bring?
need career advice hi guys, so i recently participated in the cme trading challenge that is hosted monthly on their website and came in the top 10. while competing, i noticed that the person who was first was doing very well compared to everyone else and was winning by a big margin. out of curiosity i reached out to him over linkedin to learn more about his experience and how he learned his skills. we scheduled a call and he explained his experience and strategy along with learning about me. he introduced himself. he works at a small investment management and grain marketing company as a commodities broker. the company specializes in hedging for farmers with the help of agricultural futures. most of his trades in the cme challenge were agricultural commodities. at that time i was in the process of building a strategy which i recently completed and started testing on simulated markets after a successful backtest. i told him about my strategy concept and he was very supportive as well and told me that if i ever need any feedback or want to delve deeper in agricultural commodities he would be happy to help. i was also interested in his line of work as he talked about his day to day work and it seemed interesting. we continued keeping in touch and i finished my strategy. i didn’t share any results with him. i recently received an email with his boss with him ccd on it saying that he told him about me and the work i am doing and also mentioned that i am quite knowledgeable. he told me that he is planning to add a speculative/investing side in his company and he would like to consider me for the opportunity. he asked me if we could schedule a meeting and discuss more. he also mentioned that if possible he would like to see the strategy work in a simulated market and if it works use his account to test drive it. he also mentioned that he is willing to sign an nda and discuss how we can monetize it. now the dilemma is that i recently graduated and this is one of my first strategies ever and it is in very early stage. i don’t even trust it completely. ik that this is a great opportunity but also a big step and idk if i am ready for this. i also don’t want him to steal my strategy if it does become successful. he seems like a nice guy and the company is legit but i am just nervous ig. i would appreciate any guidance.
fresh grad “trader” with no guidance, brushed off when asking questions – should i stay or go? hi all, i’m a fresh grad currently working at a physical commodities trading firm, technically under the hedging team as a “futures trader.” but the reality is i’ve been left completely out of the loop. there was no proper onboarding, and i’ve been excluded from most ops and hedging strategy discussions. the company is very fragmented, with hq overseas, and i’ve had almost no contact with the people actually driving decisions. i requested to learn more about the broader operations from the overseas team to get context and understand how my role fits into the bigger picture—but my manager shut it down, saying it’s a different division and not my scope. i’ve been trying to network with traders at other firms just to understand how this industry actually works, but it’s been frustrating. i’m not sure if this kind of situation is typical for entry-level roles in trading, or if i should just cut my losses and look elsewhere. would really appreciate advice from anyone who’s been through this or is working in the space.
for natgas traders who started as pipeline schedulers... how long did you schedule pipelines before you made your way to being a trader? how did the opportunity present itself-did you get promoted at your company, or did you interview elsewhere to move up? what was your starting salary?
favorite/underrated bloomberg terminal functions just found out we have bloomberg terminal access at work. i’m looking to make the most of it—bloombergnef and bloomberg intelligence seem especially useful. beyond those, what are your favorite or most underrated terminal functions?
commodities exit strategy? less common post but curious peoples thoughts here. i have been a commodities analyst (oil specifically) for a hedge fund type place for 5-6 years after working in industry for ~5 years out of college. on paper, everything is great. i enjoy the work, i have an awesome office with good culture and am compensated very well i think but the “always on” nature of oil markets can be exhausting and i find it hard to “put work away” which has made me question if this is something i want to continue doing. basically work every weekend, some late nights, etc... i was curious this subreddits thoughts on potential exit strategies for a senior-ish analyst looking for something potentially more suited for work life balance. i am thinking of starting a family soon and want to be able to br present more so than i think i could be in my current job. just toying around at this point, but yeah
trafigura international trader interview hello everyone, i have received an invitation for the international trader interview at trafi. i am currently an ags trader with 3 yoe and i applied for this position on a whim. what sorts of topics are covered in these interviews? is it more focused on ags experience and general trading topics, or will i need to prepare a lot with respect to oil and energy? any advice would be appreciated.
book recommendations hello, i am working on developing my commodity & options trading background & was curious if anyone had any book recommendations? not just relating to that area but to any time of agriculture economics books or just good books in general. i do not need the basics of agriculture or anything like that as i grew up on a farm & am very familiar with that area. just looking for some literature to read regarding the economy around it or trading. etc. thanks!
tips on early careers in geneva hey y’all, i’m currently a senior economics student at ut austin, and recently pre-accepted to the university of geneva’s msc in commodity trading. naturally, i got pretty excited with this news since this is the sector i’ve always been keen on starting my career in. that being said, as many of you probably know, one of the pre-requisites to the program is to be actively working while pursuing the degree. i know that there are some resources the university provides when it comes to finding job opportunities within the sector (e.g.: suissenégoce network), but i still wanted to have something a little bit more tangible to work with in this sense. i feel like if i only rely on these services, i’ll have much lower chances of actually securing a position. to anyone who has been/is previously enrolled in the program, was able to secure a entry level job in this sector, or simply has good knowledge of how the geneva job market works: do y’all have any tips/orientation? i know someone who told me he’d be willing to bring me in to gain some experience at his company, but it would be (at least initially) unpaid, and i don’t know if the university would accept that. (p.s.: i have dual citizenship, one of them being portuguese, so at least the bureaucratic swiss/eu work permit aspect shouldn’t be a problem in my case.)
are commodities truly mean reverting? in academic literature there seems to be a tendency to incorporate ornstein-uhlenbeck processes but my intuition says outside of rare market shocks, generally there's no explicit tendency for the price to revert back to its long-term average. if there was, it would be priced in and that would be reflected albeit with some adjustment due to cost of carry. isn't it more sound to assume a price has the same odds of going up as it has going down at any point? **edit: i mean gasoline and crude specifically tbh. stuff like power obviously is mean-reverting over the short-term at least**
why aren’t more commodity chemicals traded in derivative markets? i’m surprised the us has a market for 6 month soybean futures, but very underdeveloped derivatives markets for major chemical commodities (e.g. ammonia, ethylene, butadiene, etc).
papers/reading on physical gas and lng can anyone recommend any interesting reads on the trading dynamics or mechanisms of, 1)gas storage trading 2)location spread /capacity 3)lng i.e. ttf-des spread etc thanks d
exciting update: image links now enabled on r/commodities!
crude oil spotlight august 26, 2024. **crude oil spotlight august 26, 2024.** the trend is cautiously bullish. resistance levels are for wti at $78.80 - $80.00 and brent $83 - $84 the critical supports are $72.50 for wti and $76.50 for brent **the stories traders are following:** libya's eastern government announced this morning that all oil fields and terminals are closing down. libya is producing close to 1.7 mill bpd. libya has two governments. the eastern government is not internationally recognized but controls most oil fields. bullish escalating tension in the middle east is another reason for the oil rally this morning. bullish ceasefire negotiations in gaza are tough, and hamas has rejected the offer and left cairo last night. bullish chinese oil demand continues to be soft, mainly because of weak demand for road fuel as evs and lng in trucks replace fossil fuel. lng in trucks is cutting diesel demand by about 150/200 bpd. refining margins are weak, and runs have been cut. bearish china is unlikely to bring out a bazooka to stimulate the economy. president xi is not very business-friendly. this limits growth. bearish russia may increase crude exports in september, but it remains a wild card. neutral oil stocks are drawing, and cash remains firm. bullish the us gasoline demand season is soon ending, and demand appears weaker than expected. bearish houthis hit a greek oil tanker in the red sea, and it's now on fire with 150k tons of crude onboard. bullish opec production policy is uncertain, as they may trim production cuts from october. the outlook is bearish if cuts are not continued. **here is what to watch going forward:** * iran’s proxy groups, houthis and hezbollah, could both escalate in the weeks ahead. israel is expanding operations in the region. reports indicate the us was tipped off. * the us oil rig count is unchanged from the week prior. * kamala’s campaign has provided little clarity on her team’s energy policy. new lng projects are being put on hold, and investors are reevaluating new projects. * the venezuelan opposition candidate machado calls for a day of protests on august 28. * traders will monitor the libya oil field closures. israel - hezbollah/iran escalation is a growing risk after this weekend's strikes in lebanon. opinions are those of a 40-year veteran crude oil trader. not meant as trading or financial advice.
real time power trader how hard is it to break into a real time power trader role at a top firm right out of college? do most people work up to it or is it attainable to do upon graduation? possible career exits after doing it for two-three years?
physical commodity trading - lifestyle, breaking in, compensation hey all, **background:** i am starting an mba @ columbia business school after \~7 years of infrastructure investment banking (tier 1 bulge bracket bank) where i worked on decently involved transactions within the energy space such as gas prepays. i realize i probably do not need an mba for this but only started exploring this sector a few weeks ago. i want to move into a more markets facing role in which the product is still tangible, the day-to-day moves quickly, and following geopolitics / macro-economics is paramount - physical commodity trading seems like a cool next step. not married to any one commodity but natural gas or some form of fuel is probably the easiest story to tell. i am nyc based and can't really take a position that is not in connecticut or ny (seems like a good number of jobs in this area anyway) **a few questions below:** 1) how does physical trading differ at a bb bank vs. traditional shop like glencore and trafigura? 2) gs, jpm, ms, any other banks do physical? 3) pros and cons of trading paper instead? 4) how do i best prep for summer internships? what sort of questions should i expect? 5) what does comp actually look like for firms like glencore vs. a bank? 6) what is the day-to-day and culture like? can you please provide % splits and how it changes as one gets more senior? 7) what sort of person would you advise to not do this? thanks all - i have read commodities demystified by trafigura and currently reading trading natural gas by fletcher sturm but it is still such a tough field to really get a sense for. if someone is willing to dm that would be great!
forecasting fundamentals post addressed specifically to fellow analysts or analysts turned traders who trade their specific commodities fundamentally. how do you guys approach the forecasting of flows? one approach i am exploring is starting from supply + imports - exports - demand = inventories, to then leave my imports as the variable to back out. been trying also to run some regressions using forward arbs but there’s still progress to be made. would like to discuss how you guys have approached the problem as well. happy to spar on ideas
the biggest agricultural commodity spike in years the 100% bull move in cocoa prices (prices have doubled) over the last year is nothing short of miraculous. a great percentage of this move has occurred just in the last 2 weeks. growing new weather problems from dry, dusty harmattan winds, combined with previous fertilizer and wet weather problems have created a historic "squeeze situation. how high will prices go? that is what we do in our weatherwealth newsletter. [this is some free information]( i posted more than a week ago, before the subsequent major 12% rally in cocoa prices. jim roemer www.bestweatherinc.com
best physical commodity trading books to read?
have you guys read the world for sale? if yes what was your learning? i recently finished reading the world for sale book and was amazed to learn how commodity trading industry works. would love to know what you guy's learnt from the book..
corn bull thesis a lot of my reasoning for a **bull corn** thesis comes from the positioning i'm seeing backed with a positive sentiment on the fundamentals. that being said please do your own research. now from a pure technical standpoint i would say corn appears to be overbought because well.. it kind of is... today marks a 7 year high for corn. understandably this probably would shy away a lot of fresh buying, unless its wsb who enjoy buying high and selling low. anyway.. not much to mention on the technical as we are past any significant resistance until ath, but i will say when corn sees large gains it does so month after month and february would mark a straight 7 months in a row of gains. ​ * dollar and corn= inverse related. expectation is continued devaluation of dollar. strong for corn. * futures positioning 101: increased underlying price + increased open interest= bull signal. today **dec oi is 313k**. over the past 14 years oi on the dec month has been a historic average of 252k lots with it breaking 300k only 3 times prior to this year. those 3 years (2007,2008, 2011) were all trending years for corn. if those 3 years are taken out the average is dropped to 217k. we are currently 50% higher today.. i have reason to believe these are market makers parking shorts forwards mixed with physical producers doing the same to hedge. spread for mar-dec is new high of 108 back. future contracts oi for 2021 total 1.87 million vs average of 1.37 million for the same 14 years. * 18 of the past 20 years corn reached its highest price between may-aug * option positioning. yesterday i took note of a 30,000 call options bought for mar between 560-600; mainly plays for the wasde report which is due today. saw swapping of 540-580's mar option contracts for may 600's+. good call buying for may-jul due to capture of q1 end. * fundamentally what we are seeing is a simple demand vs supply tightness. * china * china is at a record buying spree for corn with expectation it has a couple more quarters to go in order to meet consumption. * hog herds are recovering faster than expected from a deadly diseases * expected to import 20 million metric tons of corn to meet and feed demand and stockpiles. this number is more than double the annual import quota set by wto * corn hording amid concern prices will increase * united states * expected to cut china corn stocks and raise imports. * will have more insight on todays wasde report i expectation is bull for corn. * south america * argentina drought at time of growing demand. have limited exports. price target 850 **tl;dr:** corn prices to remain elevated due to large demand for animal feed in china paired with supply tightness globally due to own consumption worries and worse than expected crop rotations. position tell me this has to july to continue its bull trend. [
long uranium - the 2020s will be a boon for nuclear i've been a uranium bull for some time now. i started getting into it before the squeeze of 2020, but didn't start putting my money in till after (lol, woe is me). it seems both times there were major nuclear meltdowns, uranium and the nuclear power industry experienced drawn-out periods of no interest and brow-beaten by environmental and government agencies alike, worldwide. however, as the last major incident, fukushima, nears its 10-year anniversary, the anti-nuclear sentiment of the public has dried up; with the zero-emissions, low-cost energy that nuclear provides, we are seeing zoomers and politicians (dumbest people alive) hopping on the nuclear bandwagon where the smart money has had its bags for years. many great investors, two of my very favorites, rick rule and jim rogers, have both been bullish for a long time (rogers making money on the buyside in the early 90s when uranium was the scariest asset for even people dumb enough to be long commodities, at the time). what's gotten me hella interested in the industry as of late is the constant good news that no one except uranium bulls are taking notice to (much like gold in 2019. anyone who was early made hella money all the way up to when the news started pumping out how every bank on both sides of the mississippi were long-gold). we see the biden administration giving a wink and nod about their friendliness towards nuclear energy by electing hanson, a moderate that leans towards uranium-friendliness, to the nuclear regulatory commission. in addition, we see the nrc discussing extending the licenses of over a dozen nuclear power plants from 60-year to 80 or even 100-year contracts, and helping develop longterm infrastructure (more subsidies for these plants). we see even australia providing subsidies to junior uranium miners. we see the us and china wanting to experiment with smaller nuclear reactors. and the only bad news i've found is republicans trying to strip subsidies to the nuclear industry (when literally no one is on their side. alterior motives i sense? good luck, boomers) ​ i think i've made my point. the world is quietly moving towards nuclear, to try it out once again, and the boon for major uranium miners will be magnificent. ​ small note: i recommend looking into heavy sand ore and fertilizer mining companies as thorium could pick up attention along with how phosphate and uranium mining go hand-in-hand. you won't find much info about this but you heard it from me because i stay up autistically finding shit like this. ​ articles backing my claims: [nuclear has another friend in biden, but changes at the nrc could mean more scrutiny ahead]( [uranium turnaround has companies targeting sa deposits]( [uranium price]( [nuclear-powered space rockets]( [neo senators introduce bill to remove nuclear power plant subsidies from hb6]( [nrc to discuss 100-year licenses for nuclear plants]( [nuclear power will replace oil by 2030]( edit: outdated but still interesting. my bad. [uranium miner cameco gets boost from sunnier outlook for nuclear plants]( [nuscale small modular nuclear reactor moves another step forward]( ​ current positions:77 ccj @ 11.50 avg per share 200 bqssf @ 0.11 avg per share ​ possible future positions:i am looking to buy ura to get exposure to kazatomprom and other uranium miners. ​ mind you this isn't a large part of my portfolio. this will probably change, and become a much larger part, as i see more mediumterm growth in uranium. a black swan event could throw this whole situation into a ruckus, but that's the same for 99% of everything else. i am generally bearish of the entire stock market for the next year. ​ edit: didn't realize the [nuclear power will replace oil by 2030]( is heavily outdated. thanks for pointing that out. i am a retard, but my point still stands and my claims are backed heavily by much good news.
i'm going on the wheat quality council hrw crop tour on monday and, if y'all want me to, i'll keep you guys updated on what we're seeing. friday's cot report showed a record managed money net short position in chicago wheat, with additional shorts in kc wheat. moreover, with a 460k contract short managed money position across g&o we've got a massively short spec position going into production season. last week, parts of central and northern kansas likely experienced some damage freeze damage, and, in the near term, some additional damage may be experienced with snow in eastern colorado and western kansas, and cold temperatures in the surrounding area. a significant portion of the crop in these areas is headed and thus is quite susceptible to damage. moreover, there's already a lot of talk of abandonment in these areas, and talk that there's been some issues with rust damage. lastly, there's also a large short position in corn, and talk now that we *might* be getting to the point where planting could be delayed. all this adds up to a *potentially* bullish story, as wheat is only slightly off lows established last week. this coming crop tour should lend a lot of insight into the hrw crop and will likely get a lot of attention from the market. i'm going to be very busy on this tour, but, if there's some interest from you guys on r/commodities i will do my best to share what we're seeing. also, any wheat experts / agronomists, any tips? things to look for? update 1: 4/30/2017 11am cst: the situation has worsened for the hrw crop with the bulk of snow accumulation shifting east, and in greater quantities, with anywhere from 3-12 inches accumulating in western kansas. the primary risk with wheat taller at this stage in development is that snow could break stems or even paste the wheat to the ground! microclimate is a field-specific phenomena with a lot factors deciding whether we see damage; soil moisture, wind speeds, soil temperature, field altitude, snow accumulation, crop development. thus this crop tour will lend a lot of insight into the extent of any damage. look for kc to open up tonight!
new moderation hey everyone, i am taking over the moderation of and wanted to introduce myself and talk about the direction of the subreddit. this subreddit was riddled with personal blogs and spam links. i've gone through and removed enough so that you can't see them crowding up the front page. i've also put up a rudimentary wiki page. commodity markets are a lot of fun to follow, and fast paced too. i am thinking about setting up a weekly or monthly discussion thread to talk about what is going on in the industry these days. i also want to compile literature, information, links, books, etc. with lots and lots of information about commodities. the goal is to make it so that this subreddit can serve as a place for people to learn about the industry. eventually, i would like to have semi-regular ama's so that we can get a wide range of different viewpoints. if you have any suggestions, let me know!
compensation: energy vs. metals vs. agri all else equal (employee experience, firm level, relative trader performance, year, etc.), what is the proportional relationship between pay across the three product categories? would a top-performing trader in one category earn differently from one in another? if so, is there a general trend, and what factors drive it?
la nina forecasted for winter. let's put on a la nina trade to see if it works out. i posted this on r/weathermage also, where i use my system to teach people about trading weather derivatives. the weather market is picking up again so i thought i'd post it here too. the forecasting services are predicting a la nina for this winter, and generally they all look similar to this: so let's put on a long chicago / short atlanta hdd trade for novmar on the system and see how it performs through the season. note i'm long 5 contracts in chicago, and short 5 in atlanta. they are hdd based, so the bet is that chicago will be relatively colder than atlanta for the winter season, which is what the forecasters are saying. i'll stay away from trading these two cities throughout the season so that we can track it. that's ok though, since we have a lot more cities and opportunities that we'll explore as the season progresses.
do some power and natural gas traders get weather models before they are released? i've been reading a few natural gas x accounts and i see that people often talk about how rallies happen before the release of weather reports. i don't understand how this is possible. is there any sort of data that's released before the big models like the american and european are released? how does the market seem to know what weather reports will say?
unwinding hedges suppose i have bought a physical cargo (500kb) of west african crude priced at dec brent - $2, and its pricing window is 2-1-2 (bl 5th nov). i hedge this position by buying dec brent futures because i want to protect myself from dec brent futures rising too much... how will i as a trader unwind my hedges? i imagine that i will sell 100k futures at the end of each trading day from 3rd to 7th nov. is that correct? this is because the pricing of the cargo is based on the settlement price at the end of each trading day in the pricing window. but what actually happens in real life? does the trader just sell 100k futures exactly at 4.30 pm new york time at the end of each trading day?
hedge fund analyst vs graduate program i would like to ask in terms of career progression and opportunities if it would be better to start as a commodity analyst under a pm at a relatively large hedge fund, or at a graduate program at an oil major? given that i have a choice and the commodity at the hedge fund role is one i am very interested in, which role would be more conducive if i intend to advance to a trading role in the future? i have heard many people say that it is not ideal to start a career at a hedge fund as you might not get as much learning as compared to a graduate program where they will train you up, i would like to ask what the prevailing opinions are.
operator vs trader role? within a physical commodity trading role, how do operators and traders differ? what skills do are required for the roles? what can you do as a university student to work towards either of the roles?
first role in commodities trading - what to know? i’m starting as an analyst at a commodities trading firm this summer and would love to hear any advice from those in the industry. for those who have been in similar roles, what do you wish you knew when you were starting out? any key skills, habits, or market insights that helped you succeed in this space? any general advice on excelling in a commodities trading environment? appreciate any insights—thanks in advance!
best crude oil shops for junior talent have been hustling for quite a while and really like the idea of being in crude (particularly the international component and it being relationship driven). what are some good crude oil shops to reach out to outside of the majors / trade houses? i have personally reached out to oxy, et, petrochina, delek, aramco, eni, enterprise, plains, marathon, among others (but no major successes in getting an in). i want to see if i potentially missed any.
what kind of views do people take when trading calendar spreads? for ex: take nat gas, what kind of views are people taking based on what kind of data when trading long december, short april contract. from my assumption, its mostly about steepening or flattening of the futures curve. what other kind of views can you take cuz spreads are cheaper.
i made a subreddit specifically for commodity news hello everyone! so i noticed that on reddit, there's not really a good subreddit specifically for posting links to commodity news. this subreddit is maybe the closest outside of the typical politics and economy subreddits, but this is more of a discussion subreddit in particular. so, i made r/commoditynews and i would be happy if y'all wanted to join and post any news articles that have caught your eye. also if you'd be willing to give suggestions for how i could make the subreddit better and what you'd like to see. to the moderators here, i hope this post is okay. and if you would like, i could put r/commodities as a sister subreddit in our sidebar.
for anyone working in physical trading, what's your pet peeve that makes you want to bang your desk in anger? i used to work on a trading floor and in those days the sights of traders shouting and slamming their phones on their desks were quite frequent. how about for those working in ops and supporting departments. do you ever have those moments and what triggered the response?
exxonmobil trader development program 1st round interview, what to expect? got invited to a 1st round interview on zoom for the tdp. the job description mentions that it will be "including a technical competency assesment" but i'm really not sure what that means. i've read trafigura's commodities demystified and will be prepping commerical awareness, market trends etc as much as i can but this is my first of these interviews and i'm not sure what level of knowledge they will assume. any advice on areas to prep for/what to expect would be much appreciated! thanks in advance
why are so many power trading firms in denmark? i see so many power trading firms there. but why denmark? and why especially aarhus?
glencore commercial graduate interview i recently got invited for a 90 minute first round interview for glencore's commercial graduate program. i was curious if anyone had any advice for this interview as there isn't much online regarding their process. while i have interviewed and interned at quant shops, this is the first commodities trading house i've interviewed with so any help is appreciated. regarding my background, i recently graduated from a us university where i studied math and cs and am currently pursuing my masters (spring grad date). i've interned as a quant researcher and swe in the trading space. the role is for ny and energy.
shell's trader development programme is open again: the trader development programme is a unique opportunity for high calibre candidates to go through a 2-4 year structured program to become a trader. no prior experience in trading is necessary, candidates would need to have demonstrable work experience in a relevant role. the programme will be tailored based on prior experience and can be accelerated for those with some relevant skillset. typically, rotations will include trading operation, risk analysis and market analysis. towards the end of the programme it will cover paper and physical trading under supervision. progress will be assessed and monitored through regular assessment by trading management. support will be provided through on the job training and mentoring by senior trading staff as well as regular training courses. the accountabilities will depend on the particular rotation, some examples below: * scheduling ship operations, communicating and aligning with various internal and external stakeholders such as inspectors, shipowners, trading counterparties * gain in depth understanding of various risk in trading, including market risk, counterparty and operation risk and how to best manage and mitigate those risks * gain in depth understanding of commodity markets, learn tools and techniques how to study each market and how to translate analysis views into trading positions * closely work with shell assets to maximize value along the whole value chain * work closely with other parts of the global team on arbitrage opportunities * learn how to execute both physical and paper trades under supervision of senior traders * learn how to create trading strategies and how to build trading structures we currently have 3 open positions for this role, one for each business – lng, crude and products. **what we need from you** the candidate must have legal authorization to work in the us on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. while trading experience is not a requirement to join us, a bachelor’s degree or higher level of education is required with 3 or more years of experience in market risk, commercial operations, quantitative/analytics, or other relevant roles within a financial services organisation. besides this, we would also like to hear from candidates with the following skills: **commercial acumen** - you’ll need to cultivate an incisive understanding of global energy markets work – that means you should be entrepreneurial, self-motivated, and commercially acute. with a keen interest in how business works, you’re passionate about working in trading and excited by the prospect of unearthing opportunities to create monetary value. **analytical** - you’re numerate and highly analytical. you’ve shown you can digest wide amounts of information from different sources, pinpoint the relevant details from a huge range of data, and synthesize it to form critical insights and trading strategies. **adaptable** - the market changes by the minute so you need to be comfortable thinking on your feet and making quick decisions, even if you don’t have all the facts at your command. speed of thought is vital; you’re someone who can move easily between a micro and macro view. **collaborative** - this is a highly open, collaborative environment where we achieve results through teamwork. you’ll be talking to colleagues and contacts all over the world, so you’ll need to be able to change your social style to suit your audience. we value people who’ve proven they can persuade and influence. **responsible** - in trading, the risks you take must be calculated and the decisions you make considered. you’ll be accountable: someone who takes responsibility for their decisions and can adhere to both the letter and the spirit of all relevant legislation. you’ll always work with shell’s values of honesty, integrity, and respect for others firmly in mind. the base salary range for this position is $101,000 - $151,000 per year. individual pay will be based on various factors such as relevant work experience, education, certifications, skill level, seniority, and internal equity. for regular full-time or regular part-time employees of the company (participating companies as listed in the summary plan description), insurance coverage options include medical, dental, vision coverage, life insurance, business travel accident insurance, and occupational accidental death benefit programs. employees also participate in a company pension plan and a 401(k) plan. paid leave includes up to 6 weeks of paid vacation time, up to 11 paid holidays, and parental leave offering 16 weeks of paid leave to birthing mothers, and 8 weeks of paid leave for non-birthing parents. additionally, employees are eligible for disability leave for up to 52 weeks at 100% or 50% of base pay. shell also offers other compensation such financial reimbursement for adoption, wellness, education, and personal learning expenses, and some roles are eligible for discretionary long-term incentives. for interns, eligible benefits include medical, dental, and vision coverage, life insurance, business travel accident insurance, and occupational accidental death benefit programs; participation in a 401(k) plan; and paid leave for up to 11 paid holidays. additional information on shell’s us benefit programs can be found at [ if you don't see yourself fully reflected in every job requirement listed on the posting above, we still encourage you to reach out and apply. research has shown that not everyone often applies when they do not feel 100% qualified. we are committed to creating a more equitable, inclusive, and diverse company and we strongly encourage applicants of all genders, ages, ethnicities, cultures, abilities, sexual orientation, and life experiences to apply. we look forward to receiving your application.
power market, power trading courses! hey, i just began as a starter in the field of electricity trading. does anyone know a good course (or just books) where i could learn about the power markets and trading in the power markets? greatly appreciated!
what value does trafigura, vitol, and other private traders bring to the market? sorry for asking such a novice sounding question but i'm trying to understand what value a private trader of physicals brings to the market? companies like trafigura and vitol are doing billions of dollars worth of business. don't the big exchanges like the cme already bring buyers and sellers together? i guess i'm asking why a buyer or seller of say crude oil would use a private trader instead of an exchange? or are they just like wall street investment bankers who use capital to make bets on the price direction of a commodity on the exchange?
energy trade msc bayes hi guys, has anyone here done the energy trade finance msc at bayes? is it worth doing? does it increase chances of being hired in commodity trading? thanks
creating a list of commodity trading grad programs in europe for future reference, any additional suggestion? this could be useful for soon-to-be graduates in europe. the ones i found so far are offered by bp, shell, trafigura, totalenergies, centrica, gunvor, cargill, glencore, exxonmobil, equinor, edf trading, castleton commodities, rwe, louis dreyfus, cofco, stx, mft energy, eon, adm, viterra, engelhart, convex energy, sefe, northpool, onyx, eneco and incommodities. any other ideas?
python and commodity market analytics hello everyone, as a crude oil analyst on a shipping company's trading floor, i've been hearing a lot about the benefits of using python for developing better analytics. i'm interested in starting to use python myself, but i'm not sure where to begin or how it could specifically benefit my work. could you please provide examples of how python has been applied in similar roles and the positive outcomes that resulted from it? ​ thank you so much!
reminder - london metal exchange is a shady organization the london metal exchange (lme) was forced to halt nickel trading and cancel trades after prices doubled on tuesday to more than $100,000 per tonne in a surge sources blamed on short covering by one of the world's top producers. the lme's shock move came as western sanctions threatened supply from major producer russia and marked the biggest crisis to hit the 145-year-old exchange in decades. in the 1990s a rogue sumitomo trader tried to corner the copper market and tin trading was stopped for five years in the 1980s. "the current events are unprecedented," the lme said in a notice to members. "the suspension of the nickel market has created a number of issues for market participants which need to be addressed." amid market panic sparked by russia's invasion of ukraine, buyers are scrambling for the metal crucial for making stainless steel and electric vehicle batteries. traders said some position holders have also been struggling to pay margin calls.
what will be the future of energy traders? according to you what will be the future of energy traders? oil & gas usage will be replaced by electricity produced by renewables. knowing that with renewables the price of energy will go down and decentralized electricity production will mean that clients can produce themselves a part of the energy they need.
is gold a good investment in 2022? *video link:* [* gold is the most popular precious metal with investors and the usual inflation hedge investment. looking at inflation and inflation expectations, it makes sense to consider gold as an investment right now. that's why we should talk about what drives the price of gold and should we actually get some gold? bloomberg, cnbc, every single financial news platform loves to talk and speculate about gold prices. however, to do that you first need to learn what actually drives the price of gold. # supply and demand first of all, like any other commodity, good or service, we have supply and demand. looking back at 2021, we can see a few things. gold demand is strong, hitting 4,021 tonnes with demand for jewellery increasing dramatically plus demand for gold bars and coins reaching the highest level in 8 years. central banks also increased their gold reserves by 463 tonnes, reaching a total global gold reserve of 35,600 tonnes, which is the highest since 1992, basically 30 years ago! industrial use for gold went slightly up to 330 tonnes, which was just 8.2% of the total gold demand in 2021. on the other hand, the total gold supply fell to 4,666 tonnes in 2021 by around 1% as compared to 2020. even though gold production from mines went up by 2%, recycled gold actually fell by 11% which resulted in the overall drop. still, we can see that there is definitely more than enough supply to meet demand and, from the looks of it, there is no pressure on gold prices from a supply and demand point. # inflation the second important factor is inflation. this is really why everyone has been talking about gold. an oversimplification is the fact that gold is an inflation hedge and tends to go up when inflation is high, but obviously there is more to it. still, the inflation right now is pushing more and more investors towards gold. in february, us inflation hit 7.9%, uk inflation hit 6.2% with expectations of it hitting 8% by june, while the eurozone inflation rates hit 5.8% and canada's hit 5.7%. still, every single central bank expects higher inflation figures later in the year, hitting up to 8 or even 9%. given that inflation has so far exceeded expectations, we may even see double-digits! this is one of the main reasons why investors are flocking to gold and why gold has been going up recently. this also leads me to the next factor that influences gold prices and that is the strength of the us dollar as gold is mainly denominated in dollars. # strength of the us dollar obviously, inflation erodes the strength of the dollar. that's what inflation is. to prevent this, the federal reserve which is essentially the american central bank, they raise interest rates. in the middle of march, the federal reserve raised rates by 0.25% and said that they will keep raising the rates every month by 0.25% until we see 1.9% or so by the end of the year. if we see inflation spiking even higher, they may even raise the interest rates by 0.5% every time or to a total of about 2.9 or 3%. when interest rates go up, the value of the underlying currency becomes stronger because you can no longer get cheap loans, you can no longer print money for free essentially, and you also get a better reward when you actually hold on to the currency. typically, when rates go up, the price of gold goes down so the interest rates could push the price of gold down over the course of 2022. however, the main question here is will the federal reserve actually raise interest rates that high and, if they do, will that actually contain inflation? there's a lot of opinions on both sides so it is very hard to tell, but we will know for certain by the end of the year. i personally think that those interest rate hikes are too small to do anything and the reason why is that the federal reserve is trying to do a soft landing. basically, they don't want to raise interest rates too high too fast and cause the markets to crash so they are being cautious about it. this is nice on paper, but they should have really started doing this months ago. it's a bit too late now really, they need to act big and they need to act now or at least that's how i see it. it can easy to speculate so i guess we will just see what happens in a few months. # gold as a safe haven finally, we have market volatility, economic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. even though these are three separate things, they have the same effect. investors get worried about their assets and they want to protect them. the fact that gold is physical and has been used as a store of value since the dawn of human civilization makes gold a perfect safehaven investment. we saw gold jump when the war in ukraine started. why? investors got worried about the ripple effect that the war will have around the world. then, if we take into consideration inflation, negative effects of interest rates on markets and the economic stability of the us, supply chain concerns and so on, we can see why there is a bullish case for gold right now. # gold price predictions for 2022 but, exactly how high is the bullish case for gold? how high can gold prices go this year? goldman sachs sees it hitting $2,500 which is much higher than gold's all-time high price of $2,063 which it hit in august of 2020. they are not the only one to see such high gold prices though and other banks and precious metal traders are also **expecting gold prices of up to $2,500 with the average price for 2022 being around $2,000**. typically, we should be skeptical when we see such optimistic price targets, but i personally think this actually makes sense. i don't think we will see gold hold $2,500 for a long time, but there is a very real chance of gold hitting that price target after seeing everything that is currently going on in the world and what expectations are. the current estimated market cap for gold is about $12.4 trillion dollars on a gold price of $1,950 which means that the total market cap of gold will jump to $15.9 trillion dollars if we see the target price of $2,500. obviously, that's a lot of money that needs to flow into gold and that will be almost entirely driven by investor demand, but, again, i think there's a real good chance we will see that. in fact, i haven't seen a single negative or bearish analysis of gold right now. at worst, analysts expect that the price will stay roughly the same. seeing how well gold has held its value over the last 2 years, that does not come as a surprise to me. the current support levels for gold are $1,900, followed by $1,830, then $1,730 and finally $1,680. on the other side, the main resistance levels are $2,000, then the all-time high price of $2,060 and after that, the sky is the limit! $2,500 is optimistic, but definitely achievable although i really doubt we will see prices higher than that given the sheer amount of money that will have to flow into gold to achieve that. so, what do you think? are you bullish, bearish or neutral on gold? *p.s. i've made this whole post into a video which you can check out below. if you found this useful, please leave a like on the video, it really makes a huge difference as i spend a long time researching and putting everything together. i completely understand it if you don't want to do it though! video link:* [*
podcasts in commodities does anyone know of any good podcasts that explain commodities trading?
dr copper and the inflation trade, is the price too stretched? i would like to explain the copper opportunity as follows: ​ 1. supply 2. demand 3. price 4. politics supply chile and peru are the world-leading copper production countries in the world. the biggest copper mine in the world is owned by bhp and operated in chile. one common recurring theme in my columns is how i stress the fact that non-renewable resources in general, keep decreasing in grade over the last 100 years. what do i mean by that? at the turn of the 19th century, copper was found in surface rocks with a concentration of 20%. by early 1900, that concentration was now around 10%. the best concentration in the world now is at 4%-5% and the major project being worked on are below 1% concentration. ok max, thanks for the history lesson but why should i care? great questions i might add. the concentration of any resource has an inverse relationship to its cost of production. the higher the concentration, the lower the cost of production is for that same resource everything else being equal. by now, i made you realize that with decreasing grades, something else must be true and that is that the future cost of production of copper will increase given the decreasing grade. one aspect of this truth is however is that we must not see the inevitability of increasing cost of production with the sudden increase in the copper price. one mining veteran, doug casey, repeatedly says in interviews that if you stumble on a resource where the price is lower or equal to the cost of production, while you might have to wait for the price to rise, you have found a great investment niche. if most of the copper miners will have a production cost of +4$/lbs for new mines, it must be that the price of copper will need to increase to that level if we ever want to get it out of the ground. i caution readers here. the mining industry will give you projections of copper production price in the 2.50$ to 3$ range these days for new mines. the caveat to these cash costs as they are often referred to is that it does not include start-up capex and does not include general and administrative costs of running a company. finally, these new mines usually come with a start-up capital needed north of 500 million to sometimes 1.5 billion just to get the mine in operation. you better believe that if a rio tinto or bhp starts a new copper mine and needs to invest this vast amount of money, they will only do it with the certainty to provide a nice return on capital employed (roce)to their shareholders. ​ ### demand i took out a self-serving slide from freeport macmoran corporate presentation, the largest mining company on the sp500 index last time i checked, to help visualize the increased demand for copper in the future. i do like to linger too much on the demand side of the equation because that becomes the “if” in the investment thesis. we would fare much better with our investment returns, in my opinion, if we would consider the more reliable supply picture and look at the potential increase in demand as a nice perk. copper is on everybody’s radar for obvious reasons. it is the basic material that will enable the global effort to electrify the grid, help us take out the internal combustion engine off the road by increasing the amount of electric/hybrid vehicles, and finally is needed in basic home construction. with the population growing to 9-10 billion in a not-so-distant future, the green push from the biden administration leading the way for others in the world in general to advance the green agenda, the increase in demand looks like a safe assumption. ### price our friends at morgan stanley have been gracious enough to provide a supply/demand/price outlook for copper. with supply shortage until 2022 and a real supply deficit as of 2025, the tailwind that we have seen in the last 12 months looks poised to continue in strength for another 12 months. i interviewed a couple of copper mining ceos in the past months and the recurring theme for them is the need to have copper above 4$ to entice new mine supply. now, let’s take a bear case to our proposition for a second. let’s imagine that this rally in price is extended and too much of a no-brainer at this point. i can already imagine patrick ceresna and kevin muir from the podcast market huddle discussing next week, just how much higher can the price of copper get?? fine, let’s imagine we come back to a normalized price of 3.5$ or even 3$. this would most probably slow down the current investment in new drills and mining development that is currently happening. banks would get frisky and projects would stall. fine, no really, equities will retreat and everyone will get bummed down for 12-24 months. and then what.. it’s the elastic effect, come the end of 2024 when there are no new mines available to produce new copper cathodes. what then? would we turn off the lights? would we stop building new houses? waiting longer will only increase the price further to the upside. i think i already wrote here 100 times how impossible it is for the mining industry to flick a switch and turn on a new supply. it takes years, permits, drilling, investments for companies to develop these projects. maybe plus 4$ copper is not here to stay for long but +4$ copper is here to stay in the longer term if we do not see the corresponding investment in this industry. geopolitics a couple of interesting headlines came to my radar in the last weeks. starting from the imminent election of a less than friendly government for mining in peru. i would not be able to judge on the merit of the proposed increase in taxation from the left-leaning labour activist now turned president but this will have a ripple effect in the mining circle. executives do not like instability and that will affect investment decisions. i found this [article]( helpful to understand the situation. in chile, bhp is in a [negotiation]( lockdown with their employees at the escondida mine. in kyrgyzstan, the government is threatening centerra mining with a 3.1 billion fine and a possible government [takeover]( the recent events in columbia and south america makes the supply certainty much less certain and will at the very least be discussed on company boards as an added business risk. final point on the geopolitics front, every country in the world has spent significant sums of money during this pandemic to help affected workers. with the increase in price of commodities, adding taxes to the mining sector, especially in countries where a large part of the governments revenues is driven by levying taxes on ore mining, seems like a no brainer. this also should affect the cost of capital and the return on equity in these jurisdiction. ### the bottom line we all agree, i think, that copper has had a fantastic run up in the last year. i do not own a crystal ball but i am confident in the long term outlook of copper for 3 reasons (shoutout to mckinsey and my mba classes ) 1. decreasing concentration in copper ore 2. increased cost of production in copper ore 3. long-term supply demand/imbalance that being said, i would caution anyone out there venturing in copper to strategically allocate any funds you deploy to copper. the current 2x to 10x in equity prices since march 2020 is indicative that the market has already price in a lot of the news i discussed in this article. read the full article with visual here: [
getting opinions on rare earths with bidens new supply chain plan looking for thoughts. i'm holding mp materials and tmrc. mp materials holds "light" rare earths and is based in california. whatever isn't controlled by china basically comes from here. the original color tvs were made using rare earths from this mine. this is also the only mine/processing center of its kind in the western hemisphere. tmrc / texas mineral resources corp holds more "heavy" rare earths. surveys show several decades of supply. between these 2 companies, i think they are a good investment. both are u.s. lynas rare earths limited is australian, but they want to fill the gap for the u.s. if the u.s. tries to move its supply chains away from china. was wondering if anyone else is holding these. anyone have any thoughts?
what do commodities traders in investment bank do? since such tight control on prop trading in investment banks, what do commodities traders at investment banks do. what financial products do they market make, who are their clients, and do they do any forms of physical trading?
so..i’m a complete n00b and i really need this community to help out hi guys my first time here. when wti futures dropped i longed in april futures in a hurry @0.8 via interactive brokers and the rest is history. just i found my account is around 33k oded and i had to sell half of my portfolio to avoid racking up interest. can anyone help with some of the following questions 1. am i going to take physical oil? 2. if yes then any storage recommendations? and how are the costs? 3. what is the fair value of these oil now? i might be loosing my job soon and i don’t want to take another hit to my job hunting fund. heeeeeelp
best books on agricultural commodity trading? top books on the subject? looking for a good read on agricultural commodities trading strategies something that address futures and option strategies on grains & oilseeds
technicals or fundamentals? what should investors look at when investing in oil? not having much experience with commodities trading, i was wondering if people on this sub-reddit could help make sense of whether it's better to look at fundamentals or technical analysis to predict prices of oil. or is there a hybrid approach that an investor should take?
does it get "easier" to read the market? i've just started a job in commodities a couple of months ago, and i find myself spending so much time reading analyst reports everyday yet it's still quite hard to form a firm opinion on how prices might move. or even which factors are bearish and bullish. does it get easier through experience? maybe instead of digging 5 hours through news and reports to form an opinion, i can just take a quick 15 minute read and get a feel of how markets are going to move. or does it still take a lot of time, just that my opinions get sharper
how much do jr. traders make? i was a lumber trader for a few years right out of college (and during covid, when the market went nuts). i saw people on the floor doing crazy numbers.. then i interviewed for a renewables energy pos a few months back and the base was laughable and frankly the overall earnings also didn’t seem that high either. what am i missing? do comm traders make bank or nah?
