economist warns that elon musk is about to cause a "deep, deep recession"
republicans less trusted on economy than democrats for first time in years
trump's first 50 days mark one of the worst starts for the s&p 500 under any presidency
us tourism to suffer huge '£49 billion drop' under donald trump
trump admin disbands panels responsible for calculating gdp and collecting economic data
this is the stock market’s worst start to a presidential term in modern history
50 years of tax cuts for the rich failed to trickle down, economics study says
‘trump caved and got zero in return': pundits, economists, and analysts slam trump's trade deal
trump refuses to share pre-holiday inflation report — first skipped month in 12 years
75% of americans report soaring prices as trump claims inflation ‘over’
americans under 30 are so miserable that the u.s. just fell to a historically low ranking in the world happiness report
farmer says ‘we’re in a very dire situation’ ahead of harvest—with zero soybean orders from china, historically the largest buyer
america is just weeks away from a mighty economic shock
fed chair warns the economy is even worse than we realized
breaking: e.j. antoni, trump's candidate to lead the bureau of labor statistics, is now suggesting suspending the agency’s monthly jobs report.
trump is about to bet the economy on a theory that makes no sense
u.s. employment report will not be published again as shutdown causes economic data blackout
six republican states 'targeted' by eu retaliatory tariffs as trump sparks trade war
trump's trade war could claim a new victim: canada and europe are reconsidering $150 million lockheed martin fighter jets
rural america is dying out, with 81% of rural counties recording more deaths than births
foreign tourism into the u.s. is suddenly reversing and is now expected to drop, due in part to 'polarizing тrump administration policies and rhetoric'
trump is now running the worst economy since his last term in office
doge says it has saved $160 billion. those cuts have cost taxpayers $135 billion, one analysis says.
from $500 to $5000: millennials are watching their monthly student loan payments skyrocket under trump and panicking on tiktok
the government shutdown is now the longest - and likely the most damaging in us history
'has hell frozen over?': las vegas tourism is in trouble
trump official says president ready to meet mexico, canada 'in the middle'
millionaire tax that inspired mamdani fuels $5.7 billion haul in massachusetts
world leaders conspire to form trade org without us as trump keeps threatening countries with tariffs
trump slaps 104% tariff on china, effective midnight, confirms white house
trump says he’ll fire labor statistics head after weak jobs data
most americans can’t afford life anymore — and they just don’t matter to the economy like they once did
trump’s one big beautiful bill will push us debt levels beyond those of greece or italy, imf forecast predicts
trump is slowly but surely killing u.s. economy, experts warn
tourism to the us is declining at a rapid pace.
the walmart effect. new research suggests that the company makes the communities it operates in poorer—even taking into account its famous low prices.
canada will respond to trump tariffs ‘like they’ve never seen before,’ says ontario premier
most americans say economy is getting worse but republican views do backflip | us economy
price correction "worse than 2008" coming to us housing market
u.s. economy is experiencing ‘death by a thousand cuts’, says deutsche bank, as confidence in national debt management erodes
flight bookings from canada to the us plummet over 70%
trump acknowledges ‘inflation is back’ but blames biden
china slaps retaliatory tariffs of 84% on u.s. goods in response to trump
trump’s tax bill to cost 830,000 jobs and drive up bills and pollution emissions, experts warn
judge directs trump administration to comply with order to unfreeze federal grants
las vegas compared to ghost town as tourism dips: ‘we’re starting to freak out’
majority of ai researchers say tech industry is pouring billions into a dead end
government deficit rose 4% in trump’s first full month in office, despite doge. ubs says the u.s. is slashing confidence, not spending
the u.s. debt outlook is so dire it now resembles the student loan crisis, former white house economic adviser says
elon musk got schooled by an economics professor over his remarks on medicare, social security as immigration lure: 'complete fiction'
trump just eliminated the $800 duty-free exemption for imports from china. it could be a disaster for small businesses.
snap funding expiration set to hit 40 million people
trump set to announce biggest tax increase on americans in decades
fed chair jerome powell says u.s. may be drastically overstating jobs numbers
elon musk, vivek ramaswamy call remote work a 'covid-era privilege.' economists say it's here to stay
stephen moore: trump's tariffs are 'misguided and 'sinking' the economy
inflation outpacing wage growth for over 40% of americans, report says
confirmed: america is in a serious jobs slump
europe can import disillusioned talent from trump’s us, says lagarde
education department officially kills save plan for student loans
the number of 18-year-olds is about to drop sharply, packing a wallop for colleges — and the economy
powell confirms that the fed would have cut by now were it not for tariffs
federal reserve gov. lisa cook responds to trump: ‘i will not resign’
us hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic
the biden administration is ‘cracking down’ on banks by imposing a $5 cap on overdraft fees, calling them ‘junk fees’
the ai bubble is 17 times the size of the dot-com frenzy — and four times the subprime bubble, analyst says
auto industry warns it could shut down inside two weeks as trump’s tariffs hit
white house says october jobs and inflation data may never be released because of the shutdown
elon musk warns federal reserve may face doge audit
treasury now says shutdown is costing us economy $15bn daily
gen z are dipping into their retirements, skipping meals and selling their belongings just to get by, new reports find
trump news at a glance: more than 100,000 federal workers to quit on tuesday in largest ever mass resignation
trump effectively pulls us out of global corporate tax deal
most of billionaires’ $7.6 trillion has never been taxed - americans for tax fairness
trump faces backlash from business as tariffs ignite inflation fears
boomers want to axe property taxes. millennials and gen z would pay for it.
gen z men with college degrees now have the same unemployment rate as non-grads—a sign that the higher education payoff is dead
the walmart effect: new research suggests that the company makes the communities it operates in poorer—even taking into account its famous low prices.
u.s. travel association warns of economic tourism disaster after thousands of canadian tourists cancel trips in protest
‘shock to the system’: farmers hit by trump’s tariffs and cuts say they need another bailout
trump’s bid to add cane sugar to coke would cost america thousands of agricultural jobs, trade group warns
zero ships from china are bound for california’s top ports. officials haven’t seen that since the pandemic
the california job-killer that wasn’t : the state raised the minimum wage for fast-food workers, and employment kept rising. so why has the law been proclaimed a failure?
rural america is suffering an economic crisis as crop prices plunge — ‘u.s. soybean farmers cannot survive a prolonged trade dispute’
hundreds of struggling arkansas farmers ask federal government to save them
us consumer spending posts first drop in almost two years
u.s. added over 900,000 fewer jobs than previously known
trump canceling gdp report comes under scrutiny
donald trump just delivered the worst three months of job growth since the pandemic
are we suddenly close to a recession? here's what the data actually shows.
western executives who visit china are coming back terrified
the us dollar is predicted to depreciate another 10 percent next year, after already depreciating 11 percent in the first half of 2025.
trump’s claim that low tariffs caused the great depression is false, economist says: here's what really happened...
trump's tariffs blocked by federal trade court
trump scraps tariffs on beef, coffee and tropical fruit in a push to lower grocery store prices
postal traffic to u.s. fell 80% after trump administration stopped exemption on low-value parcels
buy canadian movement starts to take a sizable bite out of u.s. business
cbo says tax breaks in ‘big, beautiful bill’ would increase deficit by $3.8 trillion
rising stock prices “won’t fix this”: u.s. banks are sitting on $500b worth of unrealized losses
trump has pummelled the us to the edge of recession. "a blizzard of executive orders, job cuts and punitive tariffs have destabilised large parts of the us economy and stoked concerns about a possible recession"
these u.s. states face big electricity bill as canada refuses to pause tariffs
brothel revenue down 20%, strip club revenue down 12%: alternative recession indicators like underwear and online dating flash red
$107,794,000,000,000 of us national wealth controlled by just 10% of population, according to federal reserve
despite trump's best efforts to reshore manufacturing, blue-collar employment is plunging for the first time since the pandemic with 59,000 lost jobs
most trump tariffs ruled illegal in blow to white house trade policy
us liquor exports to canada drop 85 percent
trump administration rescinds order attempting to freeze federal aid spending
the fed just 'trump-proofed' itself with a unanimous move to preempt a potential leadership shakeup
cars are so expensive that buyers need seven-year loans
the median renter in america has a net worth of $10,400. the median homeowner’s net worth is $400,000
i was obama’s budget director. it’s time to worry about the national debt.
trump says all u.s. trade negotiations with canada are terminated
the rich are getting so rich they have their own wealth gap
economists are seriously alarmed about official data under trump
microsoft seemingly just revealed that openai lost $11.5b last quarter
the white house estimates realpage software caused u.s. renters to spend an extra $3.8 billion last year
us factories suffer ‘unprecedented’ rise in unsold stock
millions of gen zers are jobless—and unemployment is mainly affecting men
just now: trump announces 10 percent tariffs on all imports, europe and china will face rates 2 and 3 times as high (nyt gift article)
nursing is no longer counted as a 'professional degree' by trump admin
most ceos say trump policy has harmed their businesses, new survey finds
copper now costs way more in the u.s. than elsewhere. this could hit its economy hard
trump claims tariffs will make the u.s. 'rich again.' but 5 undisputed facts about how they work throw cold water on that notion: - study found that, steel aside, “u.s. consumers have borne the entire incidence of u.s. tariffs.”
alabama faces a ‘demographic cliff’ as deaths surpass births
foreign investors are dumping u.s. stocks at near-record pace
u.s. hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic
massachusetts collected $2 billion more in tax revenue than expected because of millionaires tax
trump thinks the us holds all the cards on trade. he is misguided.
trump tariffs live updates: white house threatens even more tariffs on canada as trade war escalates
more americans say trump has helped raise prices rather than lower them: survey
work-life balance continues to decline in the us, placing it last among developed countries in 2025
americans are tipping less than they have in years
americans' job anxiety soars to highest level in 10 years
millions of americans are ignoring their student loan bills
there is no utopia waiting on the other side of trump's economy
japan’s panic bond sell-off should send shivers down trump’s spine
is trump bringing the second republican great depression to our door?
trump drops the hammer on farmworkers - at the end of the season, he cuts wages of 400,000 workers by a third.
america’s car debt bomb goes off—major lender folds under $500 million load
wall street’s recession odds are starting to look like a coin flip as trump refuses to back down on his trade war
trump blinked
irs braces for $500bn drop in revenue as taxpayers skip filings in wake of doge cuts
ambrose evans-pritchard- economists are starting to worry about a serious trump recession
trump mobile's made-in-us iphone 17 competitor is really made in china
nearly 1,500 flights canceled on second day of cuts tied to government shutdown
u.s. stock futures plunge ahead of monday open as trump tariffs shock continues
38% gen z adults suffering from 'midlife crisis', stuck in 'vicious cycle' of financial, job stress
the trump administration may exclude government spending from gdp, obscuring the impact of doge cuts
americans putting life on hold amid economic anxiety under trump, poll shows
fed's kashkari says rising bond yields, falling dollar show investors are moving on from the u.s.
nobody’s buying homes, nobody’s switching jobs—and america’s mobility is stalling
millions of americans are becoming economically invisible
trump’s redneck recession hits his working-class base the hardest
the gen z gender pay gap has reversed with young women earning more than young men – so what’s up with boys?
trump freezes u.s. law banning bribery of foreign officials
vanishing immigration is the ‘real story’ for the economy and a bigger supply shock than tariffs, analyst says
trumponomics 2.0 will erode the foundations of america’s prosperity
trump promised his tariffs would create jobs. they’re already destroying them.
$3,500 gold means “life in america is about to change in ways few can imagine,” economist says
as microsoft lays off thousands and jacks up game pass prices, former ftc chair says i told you so: the activision-blizzard buyout is 'harming both gamers and developers'
trump about to trigger greatest trade diversion ever seen
trump tariffs to reduce us deficits by $1 trillion less than previous estimate, cbo says
china will not bow to us pressure after trump threatens additional 50% tariffs
goldman economists on the gen z hiring nightmare: ‘jobless growth’ is probably the new normal
economic alarm bells are ringing everywhere
the whole country is starting to look like california. housing prices are rising fast in red and purple states known for being easy places to build. how can that be?
trump administration to markets: don't expect a rescue
us hits highest layoffs since covid
scoop: trump administration warns of "insufficient funds" for food stamps if shutdown continues
texas ranks as no. 1 state with the most people in financial distress
trump buys at least $82 million in bonds since late august, disclosures show
trump asks the supreme court for an emergency order to remove lisa cook from the fed board
trump says us will place 25% tariffs on goods from mexico, canada
700 billion reasons – elon musk’s multi-billion dollar balancing act is breaking tesla
u.s. economy is facing a long-term slowdown, crimped by debt and declining birth rates, cbo says
us bond sell-off is creating a debt spiral
u.s. egg prices soar to record high, despite donald trump's prediction
trump announces 100% tariffs on movies ‘produced in foreign lands’
microsoft asks all its foreign staff to return to us by sunday after trump's h1-b bombshell
top economist sounds the alarm even louder on the housing market and says homebuilders are ‘giving up’
trump’s big bet: americans will tolerate economic downturn to restore manufacturing
dollar falls on u.s. government shutdown, now on pace for worst annual decline in 22 years
russia is 'teetering on the brink of a recession' and headed for a disastrous harvest, while putin's other top source of cash plunges
federal reserve rings every alarm bell about trump’s economy
majority of us companies say they have to raise prices due to trump tariffs
electricity prices are climbing more than twice as fast as inflation
no, new york city’s wealthiest are not fleeing the city after mamdani’s win
larry summers banned for life from american economic association in wake of jeffrey epstein emails
a quarter of us shoppers have dumped favorite stores over political stances
live updates: senate to vote on bill terminating trump’s canada tariffs
‘we are guilty of spending our rainy-day fund in sunny weather’: top economists, historians unite to urge action on $38 trillion national debt
the clock is ticking down to zero, and trump needs a trade deal — badly
trump delays tariffs as the rest of the world plays hardball
trump tariffs on canada, mexico and china begin saturday, white house says
usda approves soda ban for food stamps in nebraska, reversing decades of policy.
dc housing market in chaos as federal employees panic
top economist on the economy’s dirty truth: the only people who feel good are ‘making over $200,000’ and ‘have large stock portfolios’
the housing market is no longer a wealth-building engine as home prices continue to slump
trump’s plan to fix egg price crisis is already falling apart
gen z’s radical role reversal: women want careers, men want children
us unemployment rate hits four-year high of 4.6%
trump says he’s doubling tariffs on canadian steel, aluminum
more than 9mn us borrowers miss student loan payments as delinquencies rise.
'extremely regrettable': trump admin confesses to major 'blunder' in new deal with japan
recession alarms are ringing on wall street. here are 4 warnings economists are pointing to.
now brace for the full fallout of trump's global shake-down
china imposes 34% tariffs on all us imports as retaliation
killing the goose that laid the golden egg: why america’s billionaires are playing themselves - factkeepers.com
divided fed holds rates steady, again defying trump
top economists and jerome powell agree that gen z’s hiring nightmare is real—and it’s not about ai eating entry-level jobs
us treasury announces full-scale bailout for argentina: bond purchase, swap, and credit line
wall street is turning its back on trump and flashing an economic warning
u.s. tourism just lost its big-spending tourists to its friendliest ally
americans are holding onto devices longer than ever and it's costing economy
republicans quietly cede power to cancel trump’s tariffs, avoiding a tough vote
around 9,500 truck drivers have been pulled off the road for failing to meet english-language proficiency requirements reinstated by the trump administration
the social security tsunami: payments could be cut by 23%, doubling the poverty rate for america's seniors
trump’s china tariff deal is about to come back to bite him
trump's 'big beautiful bill' is projected to add $3.4 trillion to the debt, budget office says
jerome powell on signs of an ai bubble and an economy leaning too hard on the rich: ‘unusually large amounts of economic activity’
u.s. economy shrunk 0.3% in the first quarter as trump policy uncertainty weighed on businesses
crypto market hit the largest liquidation in history, $19 billion liquidated after trump’s new tariffs shock
america may be just weeks away from a mighty economic shock
us buys argentine pesos, finalizes $20 billion currency swap
americans see record-high beef prices as cattle ranchers see trump turn on them
fed expected to hold interest rates steady, defying trump
move over, 30-year mortgage. the trump white house is working on a 50-year option to break the housing market gridlock
the world does not owe trump's america a living
the ‘s&p 493’ reveals a very different u.s. economy
gen zers are defiantly ‘giving up’ on ever owning a home and are spending more than saving, working less, and making risky investments, study shows
donald trump meets an opponent he can’t face down: the bond market
costco joins companies suing for refunds if trump’s tariffs fall
bessent text leak: message suggests argentina bailout is backfiring
most of the us’ $800 billion in paycheck protection funds went to the richest 20%
donald trump fires person behind jobs numbers after they're revised down
six-figure earners are ‘living the illusion of affluence’ while working side hustles, skipping meals, and pretending venmo’s not working
china imports no us soybeans for second month, brazil arrivals up 29%
donald trump’s coercion descends into chaos — the us’s tariff policy evokes bafflement as well as fear
trump officials to cut air traffic in 40 major markets if shutdown continues
goldman sachs is getting worried about the economy
america's travel industry is in sharp decline
us trade deficit surges despite donald trump's tariffs
trump is losing his foolish trade war. this will cost ordinary americans greatly
as trump tariff fiasco worsens, even fox news is noticing: an economist explains what this reveals about the deeper failings driving his agenda—and what’s coming next.
trump's homemade tourism crisis: international travelers are growing skeptical of the u.s.
jim cramer says he is 'pro-tariff' and hates 'free trade:' 'it's cost us fortunes'
americans can’t afford their cars any more and wall street is worried. goldman sachs’ president warns ‘it’s not going to be pretty’ as default fears mount
