this is what maga voted for, bankruptcy 🤡🤡
thousands of people are cancelling their disney, hulu, and espn subscriptions! boycott disney!
just in: tesla vehicles set on fire in targeted attack at las vegas service center. the people want elon musk, out now!
fox: this dodge ram truck was $80,000. it instantly just became $100,000 under trump’s tariff tax hike
trump's "tariff" numbers are just trade balance ratios these "tariff" numbers provided by the administration are just ludicrous. they don't reflect any version of reality where real tariffs are concerned. i was convinced they weren't just completely made up, though, and their talk about trade balances made me curious enough to dig in and try to find where they got these numbers. this guess paid off immediately. as far as i can tell with just a tiny bit of digging, almost all of these numbers are literally just the inverse of our trade balance as a ratio. every value i have tried this calculation on, it has held true. i'll just use the 3 highest as examples: ***cambodia: 97%*** us exports to cambodia: $321.6 m cambodia exports to us: 12.7 b ratio: 321.6m / 12.7 b = ~3% ***vietnam: 90%*** us exports to vietnam: $13.1 b vietnam exports to us: $136.6 b ratio: 13.1b / 136.6b = ~10% ***sri lanka: 88%*** us exports to sri lanka: $368.2 m sri lanka exports to us: $3.0 b ratio: ~12% what the administration appears to be calling a "97% tariff" by cambodia is in reality the fact that we export 97% less stuff to cambodia than they export to us. edit: the minimum 10% seems to have been applied when the trade balance ratio calculation resulted in a number lower than that, even if we actually have a trade *surplus* with that country.
elon is falling. people are canceling orders, selling tesla stock and boycotting tesla. smh
reporter: you took credit for the stock market.. now, the stock market is not doing so well and you say that is the biden stock market. yet you are the president. can you explain that?
the pattern continues unfortunately and i'm not a democrat
why do americans accept such infrastructure? there’s no reason for the people in the richest country to tolerate this.
irs says elon musk has lost a half trillion dollars for the us
maga about to find out how much america needs the world!
senator josh hawley reintroduces "pelosi act" bill to ban congress from trading stocks.
american goes to china, walks into a hospital, requests an mri, pays $70, and gets the results the next day. why is the us healthcare so dysfunctional and expensive?
in case you were curious for an update..
white house press briefing by press secretary karoline leavitt falsely says "tariffs are a tax cut for the american people" and then lashes out at ap's josh boak for pushing back.
fed chair jerome powell just said that the fed would have cut interest rates if not for trump’s tariffs. trump’s tariffs are to blame for rising costs.
maga logic
trump raises prescription drug costs by as much as 4200%. trump raises prescription drug costs by as much as 4200%. he just reversed all the cost caps biden negotiated for anyone on medicare or medicaid, over 120 million americans. he's pro big pharma -- and pro big insurance. he doesn't care about you. it was all lies.
elon wants to cut everything the working class need
reporter: tariffs are paid by the american importers and consumers. trump: no, they're not. they're paid for by the country. (he's really dumb)
guys...i think trump might be f*cking up the economy...
congressman tim burchett calls for nationwide stock trading ban on us politicians. congressman tim burchett calls for nationwide stock trading ban on us politicians. "if you wanna do insider stock trading, just get elected to congress."
trump’s tariff bluff just folded. from 145% “punishment” to “it won’t be zero” — the art of the backpedal.
senator josh hawley to reintroduce bill to ban congress from trading stocks. senator josh hawley to reintroduce bill to ban congress from trading stocks.
a devastating new report just dropped - and it’s embarrassing for trump: exactly zero companies have moved all their manufacturing to the united states since trump took office.
a food bank lined up with military members who didn’t receive a paycheck this week
chinese president xi jinping says "there are no winners in tariff wars, going against the world will only lead to self isolation."
farmer: bailouts don't work. trump is destroying our markets
$4 billion and counting i heard. smh!
you maga idiots did this to us.
this is what corruption looks like
tesla sales crash as drivers snub trump supporter elon musk
53% of americans say that billionaires threaten democracy. they also would like to see limits on wealth accumulation.
over $1.25 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today
trump as dementia
the new gilded age
$1.4 trillion was erased from the stock market today.
tarrifs are gone!
oh my god... median income in the us is just under 36,000!
breaking: all countries will get tariffs now, per trump
government shutdown breaking news:
this maga farmer needs mexican nationals to work on his farm and without them his business will go belly up!
majorie taylor greene: "prices have not come down at all. the job market is extremely difficult. wages have not gone up. health insurance is going up. home insurance goes up. rent is going up. young people have no hope of buying a home."
reporter: are you worried about a recession? trump: we’re going to take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and we’re going to become so rich, you’re not going to know where to spend the money
we are literally watching the us economy collapsing right before our eyes, here is a step by step play trump slaps 145% tariffs on china: 1) china inks a deal with brazil to buy their soybeans. china dropped its us soybean orders to just 1,800 tons’ worth in the week ending april 17 – down massively from 72,800 tons purchased the week before, (source: usda) 2) china inks a deal with spain (and other eu countries) to buy their pork. china then cancels a shipment of 12,000 tons of pork from the usa 3) trucking companies lay off drivers who transport goods from the farms to the ports. independent truckers can't get jobs. 4) longshoremen are now out of work from cancelled sailings and from the fact that china cancelled all terminal deliveries of chinese vessels because trump slapped them with a port fee. 5) the majority of christmas toys come from china. there will be bare shelves for christmas as the shipments are due to sail in 2 months time. toy companies, warehouses, and trucking are hit with layoffs as the warehouses will be bare. 6) germany announced that they move their gold reserve from usa to switzerland. 30 countries house their gold in the usa but now this is in question as the us economy is in question for stability. 7) the us dollar is falling. and that’s a bit odd. because this is happening at a time when us bond yields are rising. normally you’d see both these things lifting the dollar. also, when the world gets risky, global investors usually rush to the us. they buy us government bonds, convert their currencies into dollars. the dollar gets stronger. that’s how it’s always worked. but that’s not what we’re seeing this time. investors are swapping the dollar assets they hold for anything else — gold and even japanese and european bonds. basically, the dollar is losing its safe-haven status. there will be no quick fix for this as the slide of the us economy continues to build momentum and mass layoffs begin. update: many of you are just looking at only china but trump slapped tariffs on the entire world (except russia, belarus, and north korea). china is the example to a greater exodus from the us market. update #2 -u.s. employers posted 7.2 million vacancies in march, down from 7.5 million in february and 8.1 million in march 2024. it was the fewest number of openings since september and below the 7.5 million that economists had forecast. (source: washingtonpost). update #3 - the us economy shrunk 0.03% (source: ). so, we only need to see that the 2nd quarter shrinks and then the us is officially in a recession. no? this is the first retraction of the us economy since 2022.
reporter: “china is saying it is fake news that you had a meeting.” trump: “they had a meeting this morning.” reporter: “who’s they?” trump: “doesn’t matter who ‘they’ is.” 🤡
90 trade deals in 90 days tracker: day 64: still zero.
marjorie taylor greene: "this $40 billion bailout for argentina. that's probably one of the grossest things i've ever seen."
rand paul has spoken
white house press secretary was wearing a dress made in... china... while promoting trade war. so, here came the response — an informative trolling.
mike pence: i saw sec bessent speaking glowingly about the projection of $300b in tariffs revenue this year. well, tariffs are a tax. american importers, businesses and ultimately consumers end up paying all of that... we're paying that.
trump: 25% tariffs on all cars not made in the usa.
just a total disaster waiting to happen. 40% of cargo ships leaving china for the u.s. were empty today. empty shelves coming to you soon.
this
while americans can’t afford groceries, trump is now building a qatari military facility in idaho.
this was done without tyranny.
this farmer is asked about the possible trump bailout for us farmers. his response: "the president of the united states is going to take my money, and give it back to me, and call it a bailout? that's just comical."
whoa really? elon is sinking deeper and deeper, slowly.
what? smh! 🤝
when did we decide this? tax billionaires out of existence!
republicans reveal trump tax plan will cost us $4.5 trillion
trump’s new proposal: 50-year mortgage. how about building more homes and creating a society where people can pay off the debt in 15 years?
how is this possible? hello guys, i saw this post and it gave me questions: how can the s&p 500 keep growing to historical highs when we are not putting more people into the economy to spend? this is counterproductive; it doesn't make sense. i saw a video saying we are now in a financialization phase, which means you get richer investing in the stock market than creating real value and means for society. maybe this will explain this graph. please give your opinions because the world seems to be changing a lot.
the sheer audacity
“american businesses have been absorbing trump’s tariffs so far, but eventually the burden will be shifted on to american consumers” — fed chair powell
reality upset trump, time for alternative facts!
companies and individuals rally against elon musk and tesla by dumping the stocks.
breaking: bitcoin falls -$4,000 in 2 hours as mass liquidations return. $400 million worth of levered longs have been liquidated over the last 60 minutes. degenerate gamblers who levered up on debt to speculate on digital tulip bulbs are going to be liquidating assets to cover margin calls.
the blindingly obvious goal of trump’s tariffs that everyone seems to be missing... i keep seeing confusion about what trump’s trying to accomplish with his new “tariffs on the world (except russia, of course)” strategy. some have come up with partial truths, like him crashing the economy so that his billionaire friends can sell in advance, short the market then buy the dip, and further consolidating industries by knocking out small and medium sized businesses (eg. and while those may be side benefits, it misses his by far most important motive: **his goal with these tariffs is to force any corporations that want to survive to submit to his direct control & “buy” his favor (a, by definition, fascist takeover fwiw).** this is classic mob boss “carrot & stick persuasion” tactics & they are **terrifyingly** effective. **by imposing mixed levels of industry and country-specific tariffs & making it clear that these are all being imposed (& removed)** ***at his will*****, trump is able to dramatically (& immediately) influence nearly every company’s relative costs & competitiveness.** **within an astonishingly short period (likely just a matter of weeks or months) this financial control will force even the largest companies to submit to his demands in order to get the specific tariffs driving up the cost of \*their\* products & supply chains reduced or removed. those who don't play by his rules will end up having to charge more & profit less, & will eventually be driven out of business by the competition that does play along.** with this latest move, he’s given the ceos & board rooms of america a **very clear, stark choice**: do whatever he says (likely including in the long term purging your company of anyone who publicly opposes him & no longer advertising on platforms that allow opposition messaging), publicly praise him and “donate” millions to his “campaign" (for a 3rd term?), and the tariffs that most directly affect your bottom line will be magically reduced or removed overnight. do anything he doesn’t like, in contrast, and he’ll reimpose or increase them instead. his calculus is simple: he’s got another 3 1/2 years of executive power, minimum (you’re dreaming if you think both the republican-controlled house & 2/3rds of the senate would ever vote to remove him, and even if they did, vance would likely just continue with these tactics). most ceos can only survive a year ***at most*** of continually losing market share to the competitors that *are* willing to pay to play before they’ll be replaced by someone more compliant. this means that by the 2026 midterms, any remaining corporate opposition will be substantially weakened and on its way out the door. by 2028, they will be utterly marginalized or gone. for anyone who thinks this is alarmist, you only have to look at the brazen effectiveness of his most recent targeted attacks via executive order on the nation’s largest law firms. law firms that had previously participated in cases against him (or his cronies) have been individually named and prohibited from entering federal buildings (obviously a necessity to participate in federal court cases), had their security clearances threatened and been banned from working with federal agencies (often a multimillion dollar portion of their business). the result? one by one, **and within just a few weeks**, they’ve all bent the knee and not only dropped the cases they *were* working on, but also “donated” tens of millions in free legal work for organizations that trump likes in order to get his executive orders reversed (successfully, btw). understanding the clear intended message of these targeted attacks, many of the other big law firms have already announced plans to preemptively bribe (er, provide) him with over $100 million in pro bono services(!): [ fwiw, this has been trump’s mo forever, so no one should be surprised. he has always used his outsized wealth and power to bully others into doing his bidding. whether it’s stiffing small contractors out of millions after they’ve done all the work, then burying them in legal debt when they try to complain until they've commit suicide ([ or publicly humiliating fellow republicans into complete submission (eg. lil marco rubio, lyin' ted cruz, etc), this is simply how he operates. this is all out of the dictator’s handbook, of course, and it’s why our founding fathers designated the power of the purse to congress instead of the president alone. unfortunately, congresspeople are far too cowardly to assert their rightful power and will passively watch our democracy die long before they do anything about it. it seems highly unlikely that any company can resist this type of targeted coercion long term. how we the people respond will determine whether the country we grew up in still exists in recognizable form just a few months from now. tl,dr: the “emergency” powers trump currently has allow him to start, stop and dramatically alter international tariffs at will. given his extensive record of abusing power for personal gain (as demonstrated recently by him sabotaging individual law firms’ ability to conduct business with individually targeted executive orders, forcing them to not only stop all work on cases against him and his cronies, but also give him hundreds of millions of dollars in free labor in order for him to rescind them. these orders caused other law firms to preemptively offer him hundred million dollar bribes as well). i’m suggesting that he is likely to abuse his power again, effectively controlling many companies’ ability to compete depending on their compliance with his demands. by suddenly raising and lowering tariffs by large amounts (currently 50% in some cases, and there’s no reason he can’t go higher to make a point), he can attack individual companies’ respective weak points and sabotage their operations, making them consistently less competitive. he can also pair this with reduced tariffs on their rivals, making them more competitive. he can thus pit them against one another, consistently punishing the least complaint and rewarding the most compliant to strengthen their hand. because most companies legally exist to maximize shareholder profits, this will eventually force them to either acquiesce to his demands (no matter how extreme, eg. demanding they replace employees he dislikes with people he does and participate in crimes) or be forced out of business, leading to what’s commonly known as a fascist state. ps here’s an example of him doing exactly what i’m talking about:
how to actually maga
best explanation of deepseek
trump introduces charles schwab in the oval office after a major stock market rally: “this is charles schwab...it’s not just a company, it’s actually an individual! and he made 2.5 billion today.”
tax increases for the poor.
they broke the farmers financially, and now they are buying the farmland. this is not a coincidence, it is a strategy. many farmers feel they are witnessing a deliberate playbook unfold. first, tariffs pushed china away from buying american soybeans during trump’s first term, a blow that never fully recovered. now with new tariffs in place, china is again turning to brazil and argentina, leaving american soy growers struggling. at the same time, the united states is increasing beef imports from argentina, undercutting american ranchers just as feed costs remain high. some critics argue that powerful wealthy interests close to the trump administration knew these outcomes were likely and allowed them anyway. the theory is simple. if enough family farms fail, the ultra rich can buy the land at depressed prices and control the future of american agriculture. whether by design or through neglect, the result is the same. farmers are struggling, and the wealthiest players are positioned to benefit.
elon musk says he's running his "other businesses" with "great difficulty" while working on doge. tesla stock is down 40% ytd.
trump's got 'revised' bls charts with new numbers
hard truth: the game of monopoly
a butcher in pennsylvania spoke to fox about trump’s tariffs: “the consumer is going to pay for it.”
the trump boom!
the ‘america first’ agenda is really paying off, just look at the results
suspicious activity ‍
the imf affair is turning into a scandal. trump withdrew $870 million from the us account at the imf, which then miraculously appeared in argentina's account. this is convenient because argentina owed $840 million to the imf. trump took american taxpayers' money so his buddy milei could pay his debt
elon musk now legally banned from us treasury systems
this economy is the enemy of having children
the art of the deal
tesla investor calls for elon musk to step down as boss
o'donnell: grocery prices are up trump: no, you’re wrong

"so the tariff is paid in this country by the importer, is that right?" -- eugene robinson guides scott bessent into acknowledging that tariffs are in fact paid in the united states, not by foreign governments
insane moment elon musk 'shoved' trump's treasury secretary scott bessent during screaming match. 'scott bessent called him out and said, 'you promised us a trillion dollars (in cuts), and now you're at like $100 billion, and nobody can find anything, what are you doing?''
groceries are skyrocketing under trump!
the system became this way by design. rip "american dream."
campbell's attempt at saving face
open enrollment starts today, and premiums are skyrocketing. it’s a scam. demand universal healthcare.
china announces additional 84% tariff on us goods.
3-year study finds mackenzie scott’s $19 billion in charitable giving has been ‘transformational’ for nonprofits
looks like the current direction of the economy
economy is in trouble i am at an indoor kids playground in suburban atlanta. places like this are usually insanely busy on sunday afternoons, like screaming kids absolutely everywhere, multiple birthday parties etc. today i showed up and there were only two kids in the entire place. i cannot stress how atypical this is for this place, but i think families just are not willing to spend $20 a kid in this economy to get them out of the house. i feel sad for the owners and hope this place survives, but it looks bleak.
trump bankrupting soybean industry
it’s so disgustingly orwellian to say a bill that kicks 16 million people off health care is good for health care.
elon musk
welker: "isn't the fact that you're rolling back tariffs an admission that they ultimately do drive up prices?"
china 24 channel shared a video of a chinese factory dedicated to maga merch (since 2016)
republicans are driving our economy to the ground while gutting our rights—that’s always been their playbook
the reality of the job market
the countries that pay trump’s tariffs are colored blue on this world map.
canadian multimillionaire and shark tank guy kevin o'leary went on tv to say he's upset zohran won't talk to him: "i and others who invest in real estate have tried to get a meeting to figure out what's rhetoric and what's policy. so far for me it's been crickets."
jerome powell just gave a blunt warning: “the u.s. federal government is on an unsustainable fiscal path... debt is growing faster than the economy.”
well, we did
trump on market crash: well, i mean, it is to be expected, this is a patient that was very sick. we inherited a terrible economy.
people don’t realize how badly the real economy is doing.
united states bails out argentina with $20 billion from american taxpayers @nowthisimpact covers how the #unıtedstates is bailing out #argentina with $20 billion of #taxpayer dollars. can someone explain here how americans benefit? #decentralizednews #citizenjournalism
trump has just ruined the lives of millions of people for no good reason, this lady sums it up perfectly
trade wars go both ways!
collins: when the president says there's virtually no inflation and that grocery prices are going down, do you agree with him on that? greene: no. i go to the grocery store myself. grocery prices remain high. energy prices are high.
my experience as a millennial
secret oligarch investments...
the entire us economy right now is 7 companies sending a trillion fake dollars back and forth to each other
uh oh...
trump withdraws support for marjorie taylor greene
the tourism industry is collapsing.
we are living in a strange timeline... thoughts?
china rolls out the red carpet for indian pm modi, just as trump alienates and imposes 50% tariff on india, whose economy is rapidly growing — at 7.8%.
mother says her son died after unitedhealth jacked the price of his inhaler from $66 to $539: "chose rent over his medicine."
what’s happening to the us? are all these problems simply a reflection of an economy that doesn’t serve the needs of most americans?
canada strikes back
grow bananas in america......
make it so
nancy pelosi's husband sold a boatload of nvidia stock right before it was eviscerated by chinese startup
temu tariffs are finally here. say goodbye to the cheap goods that kept inflation down and americans awash in stuff.
what have we become? this is disgusting. when you can't afford to get sick i think the model is broken. if other countries can solve this "problem" why can't we? oh that's right because we are centered around greed and excess
this guy said make sense than trump 10 times
maga can i get w’s in the chat #winning🤣
this is what's wrong.
it's reality over lies
maga wins
real life economic consequences of destroying the usaid.
ford ceo says he has 5,000 open mechanic jobs with 6-figure salaries from the shortage of manually skilled workers: ‘we are in trouble in our country’. speaking on the office hours: business edition podcast, farley said ford had 5,000 open mechanic positions that it hasn’t been able to fill, despite an eye-popping $120,000 salary—nearly double the american worker’s median salary. and it’s not just ford, added farley. the carmaker’s struggle to fill jobs that require training and manual labor are indicative of a general shortage for manual-labor jobs in the u.s., he added.there were more than 400,000 manufacturing jobs open as of august, according to preliminary data from the bureau of labor statistics, despite a 4.3% unemployment rate, which is higher than in previous years. a 2024 study from the manufacturing institute and deloitte also found more than half of the 200 manufacturing firms surveyed said recruiting and retaining workers was their top struggle. yet, farley said jobs in the trades like those at ford “made our country what it is,” and allowed people like his grandfather—who worked on the company’s flagship model t and was employee 389 at the company—to have good lives.
price increase alert
damn... can someone fact check this? i believe him, i just don't want some red fella to find a single inconsistency then call the entire thing "fake news". if this is accurate, which i believe it is, it makes a very strong argument that one party is exceptionally bad for the economy.
trump is doing some sketchy stuff don't be confused about trump playing dumb. that is his speciality, act dumb, complain, be loud, and get what you want. watch the market, every time it trends positive, trump throws a grenade — like proposing a 104% tariff on china. this isn’t random. he’s doing it for one (or both) of the following reasons: 1. crash the economy → lower stock prices, raise uncertainty → force the fed to slash interest rates and bond yields *(he’s said it himself — no one can make money with high rates)* 2. insider trading & sketchy deals → his friends, donors, and cronies benefit from market volatility → classic pump-and-dump or position-then-policy play **let’s be clear — he’s not doing this for america.** not for the "golden age" not to "bring back manufacturing jobs" **he doesn’t believe in any of that.** neither do his advisors. just look at them — a rotating cast of cronies and conmen, selling snake oil to the desperate and disillusioned. don’t fall for the theater. it’s personal gain, not national good. the sooner congress act, the better it is for america.
judge speaks out after her $1.5m mansion 'exploded' in suspected arson attack after she defied trump order political violence from either the left or right does not bode well for the internal stability of our former republic, now looking increasingly like a dysfunctional mobocracy.
trump confirms tariffs are paid by consumers!
billionaires/oligarchs/kleptocrats are incompatible with democracy, the rule of law, legitimate institutions, and human civilization
they’re not coming anymore’ — us tourism freefall drains $29 billion from economy could this be the first tangible step in americas decline -- the death and destruction of an entire industry? before trump, america was a place to be emulated, admired, and a dream country to visit .now we are a country to be pitied, even with our economic might we are viewed as a country of bumkins who elected a narcissistic buffoon - a tin plate tyrant and bully - and that reputation is growing to include us all. no longer bush's 'shining city on a hill', we are now being recognized as a country with a government rotting from the inside, comprised of bureaucrats pandering and quaking, where freedoms so costly fought for are being challenged daily, where dissenting , lawful citizens are threatened with deportation if they don't toe the fascistic line, and an authoritarian regime catering to our worst angels; dullards who equate sophistication and education with weakness. you remember that gang in high school, the bullies, street thugs and tramps you were warned to stay away from? this is the welcome mat we have extended to the world, and the world is turning up their noses at the stench! see this: the united states is experiencing a clear and measurable decline in its dominance of the travel industry. this is a financial gut-punch, not hyperbole or economic scare tactics. the collapse of america's inbound tourism industry is expected to cost up to $29 billion in 2025 alone, with repercussions for local economies, transportation, and hospitality. while other countries are setting new records, the united states, one of 184 economies, is seeing a complete drop in foreign visitor spending. this isn't a statistical anomaly. policy, perception, and the psychology of foreign tourists who are collectively opting to spend their money elsewhere are all contributing factors to this dramatic reversal. geopolitical tensions, shifting global alliances, and competitive destinations that have taken advantage of america's current difficulties are some of the underlying factors that go beyond simple economic conditions. the effect spreads further into the service sectors that depend significantly on foreign visitors, escalating regional inequalities and compounding losses in sources of income that have historically been thought of as steady. [
bartiromo: "we are waiting any moment now to get the jobs number for the month of june. the expectations call for the numbers to be up 95,000. right now seeing the number -- actually, uh, showing a decline in jobs, uh, down 33,000, uh."
trump fully intends to crash the us economy this may be a hot take, but donald trump fully intends to crash the us economy, so that he and allied billionaires can buy up assets. trump intends to do this with funds obtained by his crypto scam conducted directly before taking office.
america 2030 ai
trump confirms he doesn't care about american famers
we're gone from "90 deals in 90 days" to sending letters to other countries pleading with them to negotiate
i’d rather feed seniors
this is not shocking for anyone who has been objectively analyzing china’s progress.
lol 🤡
trump is imposing a 10-25% tax on you. tariffs are taxes on stuff we buy from other countries. when you see "trump slaps 25% tarrif on canada," that is just a marketing gimmick. if you want to buy a bottle of maple syrup from canada, as of feb 1, you (not the canadian seller) must pay the us federal government an extra 25% sales tax to get it. so when you see "slams country x with 25% tariff", just think, "oh, that's my own government (trump) forcing me to pay more for things for no good reason."
his supporters patience are getting thin.
trump: it's a con job. i think affordability is the greatest con job
different spend. different objective.
a national sales tax!
exactly.
trump says the current financial system is outdated and will soon be replaced with a state-of-the-art cryptocurrency framework under the new structure bill.
does this count as a recession indicator? 🤔
cuban refugee going to costco for the first time
trump: our energy costs are way down. our groceries are way down. everything is way down. and the press does not report it... thanksgiving meals 25% down. so i don't want to hear about the affordability.
trump: "we've taken in almost $17 trillion of investment." (that would be more than half the entire us gdp, so no.)
trump administration declares that it will never share the october jobs reports. the us is estimated to have lost at least 60,000 jobs during the month of october
president trump launches unannounced unaudited scam coin with 80% of all tokens allocated to himself to quickly suck dry citizens
trump: "if i didn't have tariffs, the entire world would be in a depression."
jessica: these are headlines. in wake of trump tariffs, john deere announced layoffs. pepsico will increase prices by 10%. sony is raising ps5 prices in the u.s. by $50 across all models and electric bills are up 10% so far this year.
type shi
as billionaire wealth soars $33 trillion, mark cuban says it's time for workers to receive a cut of their employers' success in the form of stocks
boycott red ***repost from @shampoo4you*** “so here we go, companies that donated heavily to trump, trump pacs, or project 2025 (obviously confirm for yourself before you stop using your favorite company): 1. 1-800-flowers 2. ace hardware (supported both sides) 3. act fluoride mouthwash 4. alamo rental cars 5. allegiant air 6. anthropology 7. arby's 8. armor all cleaning products 9. ashley furniture 10. autozone 11. bacardi 12. bali 13. baskin-robbins (donated to both sides, but cold stone should be on this list, they were heavily republican) 14. bausch & lomb 15. big heart pet brands 16. bike athletics 17. blue bell creameries 18. boost mobile 19. brooks running shoes 20. (blank for some reason) 21. buffalo wild wings 22. buick 23. cadillac 24. carl's jr. 25. charmin 26. chevrolet 27. chiquita brands 28. chobani yogurts 29. cincinnati financial 30. cinnabon 31. coors (any beer) 32. conair hair products 33. cousinart kitchen products 34. dairy queen 35. dean foods 36. dole foods 37. dudley sports 38. dunkin' donuts 39. enterprise rental car 40. exxon 41. farberware 42. florists (.com) 43. folgers 44. free people 45. fruit bouquets 46. fruit of the loom 47. fry's electronics 48. garmin 49. geico insurance 50. george foreman grill 51. gmc 52. gnc 53. grey goose 54. hanes 55. hardee's 56. helzberg diamonds 57. hendrick motorsports 58. hershey products 59. hobby lobby 60. home goods 61. hoover vacuum cleaners 62. horizon bank 63. jimmy dean 64. keller williams realty 65. l.l. bean 66. lando lakes 67. las vegas sands 68. legs 69. made in form 70. marshalls 71. martin's famous pastry shops 72. mcdonald's 73. meow mix 74. miller's (any beer) 75. milwaukee's best (any beer) 76. mobile 77. molson (any beer) 78. molson's 79. motorola 80. my pillow 81. napa auto parts 82. new orleans saints 83. new york yankees 84. norwegian cruise lines 85. old dutch foods 86. omni hotels 87. oreck vacuums 88. papa john's 89. pepperonis 90. playtex 91. procter & gamble products 92. public storage 93. public supermarket 94. purdue farms 95. rayovac 96. schlotzky's restaurant franchise 97. shell oil 98. sierra trading post 99. slumberland 100. smucker's products 101. soma intimates 102. spalding 103. stanley black & decker hardware 104. star furniture 105. stiletto power & hand tools 106. sunoco 107. tampa bay buccaneers 108. the popcorn factory 109. tito's vodka (could not be verified) 110. toastmaster appliances 111. tractor supply 112. turtle wax 113. urban outfitters 114. vanity fair 115. walmart 116. wendy's 117. wonder bread 118. wow cable 119. wynn resorts should be on the list: home depot, cold stone creameries sources: goods unite us and open secrets” link below:
61% of americans are unhappy with president trump. it’s the economy, stupid. specifically, the tariffs and inflation.
76% of american voters say that the economy is doing poorly. that’s from fox news. trump’s disapproval rating is at 58%.
guess he just works harder than everyone else on the planet
united healthcare calls a doctor during a surgery demanding to know if an overnight stay for that patient is necessary
president trump meets with fed chair jerome powell.
sounds about right
i guess it wasn't a bad bill after all...
costco to raise hourly pay for most us store workers to over $30
those pandemic-era "stimmy checks" were the most expensive "free money" ever
maga finding out what tariffs do!
the ceo slave drivers are not as irreplaceable as they would have all the slaves/cattle believe
trump: we're seeing phenomenal numbers.. i mean, really phenomenal numbers. we'll be announcing a new statistician... the numbers were ridiculous what she announced. so it's a scam, in my opinion.
usa is a category on its own. hours of minimum wage work needed to escape poverty.
j.d. vance lies on national tv vance is trying to tell the audience of cbs news that democrats want to fund health care for illegal aliens. it's against federal law and there are no dollars for illegal aliens. the healthcare is for poor americans who are often treated like illegal aliens. it is awful to be poor in america.
facts or reality don't matter when you are maga!!!
kevin o’leary blasts health insurance execs for hiring security guards instead of listening to americans’ ‘frustration’
over $1.5 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today. over $1.5 trillion wiped out from the us stock market today.
warren: “oh my goodness! oh dear! are you worried that billionaires are going to go hungry?”
trump slump
“but at what cost?”
guy went into cold stone creamery to get some take home ice cream. after seeing the prices he says “i’d rather die” then pay these prices small: $16.99 medium: $21.99 large: $27.99 the prices are insane. cold stone was bought by a private equity firm in 2018.
first ai implosion: oracle just lost $35 billion in market cap. in 48 hours
alberta just banned u.s. companies from government contracts!
wow! the tariff effect
john deere blames tariffs for $600m loss, announces mass layoffs
remember: most billionaires are not “self-made”
not surprised, again
happy government shutdown to all who celebrate it
even people worth $521 million are struggling in the trump economy.......
like a mad king
blackrock is suing unitedhealth for giving “too much care” to patients after the ceo was murdered
mark cuban says companies should be taxed more for buying back their own shares
do you agree?
“blackrock owns all the meat packers. there's only 4 meat packers in this country. blackrock owns them all. the meat packers are keeping the price of meat high and the price of cows low. so the farmer gets hurt, the consumers get hurt and they make the money 'cause they've got a monopoly.”
historian rutger bregman calls out elites at world economic forum in davos
trump threatens company specific 100% tariffs against us toy manufacturer mattel
we need to be more like france
president trump says "this is biden's stock market, not trump's."
$250,000,000,000 wiped out from the crypto market cap today.
most americans say taxing the rich is best way to reduce federal debt: gallup
legalized theft
after failing to secure trade deals with other countries within the 90-day period, trump now says he will just sent out letters to countries instructing them what to pay. "i'm gonna send the letters. that's the end of the trade deal."
hence the cycle continues
.
americans should brace for unaffordable healthcare premiums. the democrats finally caved and went with the republicans to reopen the government without an agreement to extend the aca subsidies. in other words the entire 6-week shutdown was for nothing. the democrats might as well have agreed to keep the government open from the start if they were going to give in to the republicans' demand that no guarantees be attached to keeping the subsidies. so what happens now? well, it's already happening. people who are renegotiating their premiums for 2026 are already seeing quotes raising their monthly payment from $700 to $2500 in many cases. and this isn't just confined to medicaid. it stretches the entire gamut of healthcare even into the private sectors. it's not hyperbole to say that millions of americans, especially those with children, the disabled, americans with family members dependent on them who are disabled, and the elderly who have not reached 65 will have to drop their coverage and rely on the er for their healthcare. millions will go into medical bankruptcy and trump is trying to make medical debt/bankruptcy a part of credit reports now. combine all this with loss of snap benefits and skyrocketing job loss and we see an america going down in flames. america has entered its terminal phase.
elon musk advocates for at least 120 hours of work every week
fact check: true
“you remove the h-1b visa and you collapse the economy” - michio kaku thoughts?
boycott airbnb - co-founder billionaire has joined doge
there are many people on reddit who envy china's clean and tidy cities. as a mongolian who was born in china and has lived there for thirty years, i hope to clarify a few things. the chinese government isn't magical. a big reason china has clean and tidy cities is that it's a centralized and internally colonial government. here are some examples. first, the chinese government can expropriate land to build modern cities and factories at almost no cost. all land in china is state-owned. the central government can disregard local residents and governments, acquire land at almost no cost, and then lease it to foreign companies at low prices, offering them extremely favorable terms. this is why foreign investment didn't favor china in the 1980s, but after china fully welcomed foreign investment in the 1990s, western capital began pouring into china rather than india. china has a household registration system, which acts as an internal colonization, discriminating against impoverished provinces in education and welfare. a child with a henan hukou in china faces a much harder time getting into tsinghua university than one with a beijing hukou. not only are the required scores higher, but the exams are also the more difficult henan version. chinese schools are also all government-controlled; there are no so-called private schools. henan province, according to the central government's plan, is an agricultural province. the central government has resorted to every possible means to prevent henan residents from receiving higher education and becoming engineers and white-collar workers. this not only creates obstacles for henan residents to attend universities outside henan, but also prevents henan residents from building their own schools. henan, with a population of nearly 100 million, has only one key university, while beijing, with a population of 20 million, has 34. furthermore, to encourage henan residents to remain farmers, the beijing government has also created obstacles for henan factory construction, preventing them from becoming workers instead of farming. furthermore, due to the household registration system, even if a henan resident has lived in beijing for 20 years, it is difficult for their children to receive education there, unless they are high-ranking civil servants or intellectuals. therefore, children of migrant workers in beijing, shanghai, and shenzhen often remain in their hometowns, separated from their parents. this effectively controls urban populations and prevents them from becoming overcrowded like new delhi. similar situations occur in other provinces. for example, shanxi and inner mongolia are mining provinces, but their resources have been used to build beijing and shanghai, leaving local residents with little benefit other than pollution. in the oil and gas-rich xinjiang uyghur autonomous region, natural gas prices have long been higher than in shanghai because gas is prioritized for the eastern region. people from these regions, like those from henan, face discrimination based on their household registration (hukou) when applying for university entrance exams compared to residents of beijing and shanghai. in addition, china has severe ethnic discrimination policies. if you're uyghur or tibetan, you might be harassed by police five times a night in a beijing hotel, making it nearly impossible to obtain a passport. while mongolians won't be harassed by police, they will be punished by teachers for speaking their native language at school. some companies will explicitly refuse to hire mongolians. incidentally, it's not just ethnic minorities; even chinese speakers who speak cantonese (the language used in classic hong kong films) or wu (shanghainese dialect) instead of mandarin at school are also penalized. using minority languages on social media in china can easily lead to investigation. china does have relatively clean cities, having benefited from globalization by attracting foreign investment through preferential policies. i don't deny this, but it's important to note that the chinese people bear the cost. although the children of shanxi and henan eventually benefited from the crowd, building clean cities with funds earned from serving beijing and shanghai, the soil in henan was severely polluted by fertilizers, and the soil in shanxi was so contaminated with heavy metals that beijing officials visiting these areas were afraid to drink local water and instead brought in imported mineral water. simply put, the chinese government isn't a 1984-style dystopian society, but rather a bureaucratic capitalist state ruled by bureaucrats. after the cultural revolution, the country was ruled by technocrats from the intellectual class, such as deng xiaoping, jiang zemin, and hu jintao. these individuals used bureaucratic capitalism and their own planning to create china's economic miracle, similar to park chung-hee's "miracle on the han river" in south korea. private entrepreneurs appeared to have great power, but a single word from the emperor could destroy their families and their families. these individuals were evil and wicked, but they were highly educated bureaucrats with extensive grassroots experience in economic and industrial planning. however, they have now been replaced by the "red aristocracy," represented by xi jinping, the children of the founding leaders of mao zedong's generation. because xi jinping didn't complete secondary school during the cultural revolution, he technically only has an elementary school diploma. consequently, china's economic policies over the past decade have been plagued by numerous missteps. furthermore, in recent years, the problem of wage arrears in china's infrastructure design and construction has become increasingly serious. have you seen those beautiful cities? the companies that built them are likely bankrupt, and the owners have likely committed suicide. i think the biggest difficulty in understanding foreign countries these days is that people tend to only care about what they care about. for example, when the west exposed china's uyghur concentration camps, they were most concerned about the chinese government forcing uyghurs to pick cotton, because this resonated with their understanding of pre-civil war slavery. they paid no attention to the more serious rape and cultural genocide. when indians visit china, they are most concerned about cow dung and the animals on the streets. that's why they marvel at china's cleanliness. however, indians, without experience living under a centralized system, often fail to appreciate the price paid to achieve these clean cities. when americans come to china, they are most concerned about immigration and drug issues, so they would feel surprised to see no drug addicts or homeless people lying on the streets. however, they would not know that beggars would be taken away by the police and sent to the suburbs for centralized detention. there are no miracles in the world. if you want a government that recognizes private land and relatively respects individual rights, you have to accept that it cannot demolish the slums in the city center. if you want an efficient central government, you have to accept the possibility that it may give you a good job one day and take it away the next, or even forbid your children to speak their mother tongue.
aoc: “it’s not that just trump is corrupt, it’s that everyone participating in this is corrupt.”
trump’s ukraine “peace plan” exposed as a $300 billion profit plot - hidden deals, russian assets, and mega-donor paydays revealed in wsj bombshell
minimum wage
there’s no way elon musk’s job is legal: “checks and balances, at the moment, seem to be neutralized.”
the u.s. can't negotiate! this is insane. former assistant secretary of defense chas freeman reveals the trump admin couldn't explain to the japanese negotiating team what they want: "the japanese said 'what is it that you want?' and the americans could not explain what they wanted."
the u.s. national debt has risen by $2.3 trillion in less than a year.
wow! this is crazy! 104% tariff tax on china
jd vance talked about chinese peasants manufacturing goods for americans. this is how the land of peasants looks like (video by a european girl).
say it with me, one more time
gop plans to increase the tax rate by 74% by 2031 for people earning $15,000 yearly. yikes!
72% of americans say the rich 'have too much' as gop pursues another handout for billionaires
this was the most popular car in america in 1970. it cost $3200. and that was three months of salaries of the average american worker. compare that to the situation now.
american business owner explains why he will continue to have his product made in china even with tariffs
in just the week ending september 6, the number of americans filing for unemployment benefits rose by 27,000 to 263,000 — the highest number of applications in a single week since october 2021. this is what happens when you elect a man with five bankruptcies.
conservatives yell “socialism” at every initiative designed to help a majority of people.
meanwhile, undocumented immigrants pay more in taxes than most billion-dollar corporations
this is what late-stage crony capitalism looks like
tesla stock is down 45 percent and still dropping
has biden rigged the numbers?
former president jimmy carter spent his last 43 years living in a $167,000 house—less expensive than the secret service vehicles outside
breaking news: more bailout money for argentina 🤝
the white house said there probably won't be an inflation report next month
republican tim burchett says he's voting to gut medicaid because sick and disabled americans should "get off their ass and get a job."
interesting question, because if lose their job they wont support any entertainers, sporting events, movie theaters, investments, etc etc....
one of america’s biggest companies is imploding unitedhealth group, one of america’s biggest corporations and a member of the exclusive dow jones industrial average, is suddenly unraveling. the crisis engulfing unitedhealth hit a crescendo this week when ceo andrew witty stepped down abruptly for “personal reasons.” unitedhealth also swiftly abandoned its financial guidance, blaming skyrocketing medical costs.
the art of the deal in a nutshell
wh press secretary leavitt holds up a chart that trump sent to fed chair powell demanding that he lower rates “by a lot”
trumps goal is to increase taxes on the working class!
