for anyone considering selling right now... i see a lot of posts talking about going to cash. there has never been a period in the stock market’s history where it didn’t bounce back from adversity. moral of the story: invest, don’t trade, and never stop buying.
globalists fault, not mine!
me right now
answer to the most asked question here.
tesla is no longer in the top 7 of the s&p500 for anyone who may have missed it, tesla is now weighted at 1.91% overtaken by broadcom at 2.04%.
you americans don't really know what true economic hardship is. you're all like "oh well the market will rebound". you are used to the economy somehow growing. sure things might get tough from time to time, people might lose their jobs, people might struggle with bills and live paycheck to paycheck, but if you work hard, if you're patient, you'll find an opportunity and things will get better. because there will be opportunities at some point. there will be a chance to get money and go up. there will be a future. let me tell you something. real life doesn't work that way. and just because it's worked that way for you in the us doesn't mean it will keep being like that. i'm from italy. my country essentially stopped growing in the 1990s. we don't think about the future. every italian has accepted that the good old times are gone and will never be back. we live off our relatives' income and lifetime savings, assuming they have any, that is. many of us move to other european cities to serve tables at restaurants, or even scrub toilets. our real salaries are lower than they were in 1995, meaning we are actually measurably poorer. not just "oh life is soo expensive right now", i mean actually properly worse off according to most measurable metrics under the sun. our stock market is also still lower than in 2000. in 2008, when the global financial crisis hit, about 25% to 30% of our industry was wiped out in a matter of months. it never came back. i know people who were living in the richest region (lombardy) who lost their jobs or had to close their decades old business and started commuting to switzerland (ticino) to work as cashiers, waiters, bus drivers. the number has only gone up since then. and then in 2011-12 another huge crisis came. investors started to become really worried that the country would default on its debt, due to the massive levels of public debt and deficit. a "technical government" was imposed on us in a hurry and promptly proceeded to implement massive widespread cuts to every source of public spending. our economy crashed again. entire sectors went tits up. just as these reforms were starting to pay off, covid came. and then the war in ukraine came. and then the tariffs. each and every time, we lost a little bit of something. each and every time, more and more families became poorer forever, because they had to spend some of their wealth that they had accumulated during the boom years, and there is no way to create new wealth. today, our salaries are starting to become lower than in countries like poland or slovakia. we cannot save money for an emergency, we cannot plan a future, we cannot buy or rent homes unless our parents bail us out. we will not have any retirement, not only because the public pension scheme will implode, but also because we don't have money to invest. but most importantly, we know it won't get better. most likely it will get worse, and worse, and worse. many of us just pack their bags and leave, hoping to be back to italy when they retire. and globally, we're still relatively well off. there are so many countries which are in a much more dire state. we still have moldovans coming to our country to quite literally wipe the ass*s of old people, just because it's better than staying in moldova. so in a sense we also don't know what real economic hardship is. but at least we know what it feels like to not have faith. some italian families are lucky, they have property and safe sources of income. most are not. most people are just slowly liquidating whatever assets they have to support their kids. most have their wealth tied to housing that is and will keep depreciating in value outside of a handful of lucky pockets. some of you should realise that "things will get better" is not how things work in most places. i guess that's just my point.
voo below $500
i'm not going to invest in this market. clown market.
why is it dropping today?
it took me 7 years, but the "snowball effect" is finally real. when i started buying etfs, it felt like throwing money into a black hole. buying $500 of voo here and there didn't seem to move the needle. the dividends were enough to buy... a cup of coffee. it was discouraging watching people get rich on crypto while i was inching along. but i just did my quarterly review, and for the first time, my portfolio's daily swings are larger than my monthly paycheck. i know everyone says "wait for the snowball," but actually feeling it gain momentum is a totally different experience. the first few years are a slog, but if you are new here and discouraged: **don't stop.** the math works if you give it enough time. just wanted to say thanks to this sub for keeping me on the straight and narrow path when i wanted to do stupid things with my money.
any reason we aren’t just buying brk.b? the old man is usually right
just keep investing.
everyone rn!
important chart. s&p 490 has had basically no earnings growth since 2022. it’s just 10 companies doing really well, while the broader economy is in contraction in real terms.
$10,000 invested in vti and vxus since 1988, with all dividends reinvested. i realize this topic has been discussed many times, but i thought it’s an eye-popping example of the power of compound growth. cagr of 11.12% vs 4.96%. the return from u.s. stocks over the last 11 months is more than double the return from international stocks over the last 37 years combined ($105,882 vs $49,618). this chart doesn’t include the higher costs/taxes of international investing, which would make the difference even more stark.
timing the market has mostly failed there are always reasons to not invest. many people must be thinking in current environment about sitting on cash due to elevated levels of uncertainties and potential of a recession. i totally get it. but data has shown that timing the market has more often than not failed. seven out of ten best days occurred within two weeks of ten worst days. here’s a famous quote: “far more money has been lost by investors trying to anticipate corrections, than lost in the corrections themselves.” - peter lynch
22yrs old. taking investing more serious. i'm 22 yrs old i opened an investment account with little knowledge a while back. this year i started taking investing more serious. started with $700 in january 17th and investing $80/week. this is my portfolio so far. i had made some changes in my portfolio during my journey, but this is where i am stading right now. any tips?
the biggest 3 days crash since 1987 brace yourself tomorrow. the market is going to drop more than 15% in just 3 days. this is going to be biggest crash in 3 days since 1987. history is repeating. this is opportunity of the lifetime for those looking to invest. voo discount seems super attractive. thinking of putting 10k in that. even though any stock in the market is attractive but nothing like lowering voo avg. i am still at $520. what are you guys doing ? i know timing the market is almost impossible but how far it can go down. maybe 10% more ? we are near to the 2021 peak soon.
me who just started to invest.
i know it's a long game, but it's still pretty fucking depressing at the moment
“is voo too high to buy right now?”
pathway to $1 million in 15 years someone else posted this in the dividends sub reddit. i want to do something similar for my children however i'm not convinced that schd is the best etf with which to do it. does anyone have any thoughts about other etfs that might be better suited to achieve this goal of $1 million and 15 years more quickly?
39 years old. starting late but at least i’m starting. i’m putting a weekly $100 deposit into a roth ira i just opened. i’m putting a pic up of the obvious blue chip etfs and asking for suggestions for me to research into a few more or disersify. if anyone can critique the new portfolio and identify major overlap for redundancies sorry for being a noob, just wanna get some more security for my retirement.
the truth you all don't want to hear. the answer is vt and chill. investing is a solved problem, investing for the long term? global equity fund, investing for the short term? investment grade bonds and bills. the key to financial success is to get *good enough, repeatable* returns for a above average amount of time by staying in the market so your wealth can compound, the whole sequence of return risk thing. but guess what, most of you wont be able to do this, why? because it is **fucking boring.** everyday on this sub it is full of the same stuff, yield chasing dividend stocks, high exposed tech stocks trading at ridiculous valuations, sector plays and individual stocks trying to generate the most return possible in a given period. *nvidia? nobody has heard of that company before, surely having 50% of my portfolio in it will be a high risk high reward play right? better have some jepq in there as a "bond alternative" to keep some money safe.* like, if you guys put the same amount of effort into increasing your salaries and earning potential instead of day trading stocks and etf's like pokemon cards you would smoke 99.9% of people here.
voo and chill guys m 27 y.o started a year ago with voo and chill. after about a month started some research and put a lot of efforts to analyze a lot of stuff. a week ago decided to save my time and mental health with that simple statment - voo and chill. this is the way
best s&p 500 funds
151 years of s&p 500 returns; source: tradingview
for those only invested in voo. above is a picture of the japanese nikkei 225, as you can see it took 34 years to recover from its peak in 1980s. notably, in the 70s and 80s you had to convince people not to invest in japan because it was doing so incredibly well. now, the united states does not face the same issues as japan, and the s&p 500 has performed incredibly over the last decade, though nevertheless it is not free from this fate. for this reason, the evidence overwhelming points towards international diversification. now this may lead to worse performance or it may not. regardless it is certainly a good idea. each time i read this subreddit and see people with 100% of retirement funds in voo or the like i am filled with anxiety.
3 years old. started investing 5 second ago. how’s it look?
what a lovely time to be first time investor
me watching the chart today after five months of investing at 31 with a 4 month old newborn.
voo has doubled in the last 5 years. what do you think the next 5 years will look like? i know a lot of people's money is in voo. so we all have major stakes in how the s&p 500 behaves over the next 5/10/20 years. do you expect a major correction? or will the bull run continue? what are your predictions for 2030?
buys voo at $551. voo proceeds to drop to $539 ~30 minutes later. i know this drop, in the long run, means nothing but man... gotta love investing. update: dca would’ve been nice in this case but i’ve always gone all in every time i invest. i know this is a set it and forget it investment. i couldn’t resist to post here since my timing was... funny and kinda terrible. lessons learned: never invest on fed announcement date again or when it’s close to eoy. if i do, it’s best to dca. i would buy more tomorrow but all i have left now is 7k for my roth contribution. update #2: too many comments to reply to, as i sip on a shot of mezcal on one of the 4 wonderful days we get per year in houston. i’m glad i’m not the only one who was feeling salty/silly on the day i posted this. overall, like many of you said, the drop doesn’t matter if it’s a long term investment. i will say the incoming administration makes me nervous. i feel like the market will continue to thrive or come down crashing.
who else sees trump's ridiculousness as a s&p500 buying opportunity? i know his foolishness is adding to the uncertainty but surely everytime he spouts a load of rubbish its good for anyone sitting on cash?
the best thing about etfs
my retirement portfolio at 19
top inflow etfs which ones are in your portfolio.
during all this turmoil, remember guys: always have some safe bets on your portfolio to keep you on the green while your speculative etfs are on the red, dragging you down
stop panic-selling & moving your funds from us to europe – your portfolio should outlive any administration. a lot of you are acting like the us market is suddenly uninvestable because of short-term politics. let me remind you: your investment horizon should be **10+ years, not 10 weeks**. 1. **the us market isn’t going anywhere.** love or hate trump (or biden, or whoever comes next), the s&p 500 doesn’t care. it has survived wars, recessions, and worse political chaos than a single election cycle. 2. **moving your etfs to europe? why?** the us market has historically outperformed for a reason —dominant companies, innovation, and an economy that rewards risk-taking. europe has great companies too, but if you’re moving just because of election jitters, you’re letting emotions drive your investing. 3. **timing the market is a losing game.** if you jump out of us etfs and into european ones, what’s your plan? jump back in when things “feel better”? that’s called market timing, and it usually ends in buying high and selling low. not talking about the fact that us market is down now and you’re selling at loss. 4. **think in decades, not headlines.** the s&p 500 has delivered 10% average annual returns for nearly a century. elections come and go, but a strong portfolio is built to last beyond one administration. bottom line: **stop making emotional decisions with long-term money. stick to your plan, stay diversified, and let compounding do the work.** what’s your take? are you holding, shifting, or panic-selling? let’s hear it.
hypothetical bear market vs. real bear market
/s
"this time it's different"
so this is why folks say 100% voo and forget
perspective of an older etf investor i’ve been investing in etfs ( and before that mutual funds) before some of you were born. i’ve seen many a downturn. in 2008 my 401k lost half of its value. but i didn’t lose that money because i didn’t sell. i just kept dca and eventually it came back and then some. there’s a thing called recency bias. if you are new to etf investing then all you’ve seen is them go up and you think they can’t go down. it is perfectly normal for investments to go down sometimes a lot. if you don’t panic you will be ok. now if you’re going to need this money soon and don’t have time to recover then you shouldn’t have that money in the market. any money you will absolutely need in the next 1-3 years (or even up to 5 years)should be in cash. what about if you’re retiring soon? just remember retirement is a long time. you don’t need all that money the day you retire. you could be in retirement for 20-30 years. you should definitely have enough in cash or short term bonds to get you through several years if the market is down when you retire but you don’t need it all in cash. so i encourage people to take a deep breath. losing money is never a good feeling but just remember it’s just a paper loss until you sell. and if you really can’t stand it then maybe you shouldn’t be in the market at all. do what’s best for you.
wyd if you see this in the future
i'm 4 years old and have 500k to invest please help. goo goo gas gaa
man this sub is depressing sometimes as a 36 y/o first, this sub has been incredibly helpful at teaching me just how much i don’t fully understand....but god damn sometimes it’s disheartening to read the things people write. by age 30 you should “have your yearly salary saved in retirement”....by 36 at least $250,000 blah blah blah. what planet are y’all from? i’ve worked my ass off since i was 18, and all i have to show for it is about $25,000 in a 401k and a few thousand in a personal brokerage account. i’m lucky to have joined a union a couple years ago that has started exponentially raising those numbers, but even then....it’s gonna be hell of a fight to “catch up”. i just, how are folks steeped in debt, stuck working minimum wage jobs or just above, when rent is averaging in the thousands ever supposed to make any headway? i feel like i’m doing pretty well for myself compared to a few years ago as a flat broke musician, and then i come on here and it’s just depressing. ugh. if you’re still reading, thanks for indulging my rant. tl/dr: this sub is a constant reminder of our generation’s wealth inequality and its a real downer sometimes
now is really the time to buy market is down. everything is giving back what it gained in the last couple months; some maybe more. if you're not retiring in the next couple years, now is the perfect time to buy. when you read or here about people who have a few million in their accounts, you congratulate them. they tell you that they bought *insert stock* or have certain etfs and you think, "good on you." what's not always told is the simple fact they held through the tough times and bought at times just like this. there's pullbacks, corrections, and recessions. we're nowhere close to a recession, but a good correction is working its way in. those same people today held during all the situations i just mentioned. if you're young, now is the perfect time to buy more of whatever it is you own. this is where dca compounding works for you over the years and through the next few decades. buying now is buying "cheaper" and watching those shares become 100%, 200%....down the road, whereas buying at higher highs returns less over time. times like this is where millionaires in the making are buying. don't jump to other funds in hopes of hedging against red days. being down 10%, 20% can be tremendous if you're buying during uncertain times. here's an example of a purchase in time that i made. i bought voo on 11/29/21 at $425. it was up for a couple months and then it started falling. it's up 26.56% today. i continued to dca through the drops. the lowest i bought through those drops was on 11/9/22 at $348.09. it is currently up 54.55%. you can already see how the gains have compounded over time. buying shares at the lower level have paid off much more than buying them on a constant ascendance to aths. it will only to continue to outgrow my $425 purchases. these are the times you truly want as a long-term investor. it doesn't feel great today, but 5-10 years from now it does all the work for you. you continue to dca, or inject money however your strategy is formed, at moments like these so you can retire with real money in your account. millionaires have truly been made because of holding and buying through tougher times. this time period is nothing over the long term. it's healthy for the market over the stretch it exists, sucks for the investor in the moment. keep it simple and keep investing. your future self with thank you. tl;dr: don't try to time the market. stick to your investment strategy; dca. edit: i’m not saying today specifically is the day. i’m saying through this period of having more red days than green, however long that may last.
i used a compounding calculator to see what 200k invested will look like in 20 years only adding $100 a month going forward. is it really this easy?
voo 6 months ago
what a crazy year
i used a compounding calculator to see what 200k invested will look like in 20 years only adding 100 a month going forward. is it really this easy
how i feel buying spy/voo
finally accepted i am not warren buffett. sold my individual stocks and went 100% voo honest to god, i feel like a weight is off my shoulders. for the last 2 years i have been trying to pick stocks. watching youtube videos, reading earnings reports (that i barely understood lol), and checking my phone like 40 times a day. even at work i’d be sneaking to the bathroom to check if my tech stocks were crashing. looked at my total return yesterday and realized after all that stress and "research," i was basically flat. actually probably down if you count inflation. woke up today, sold the random junk i was holding, and dumped it all into voo. i know it’s basic. i know it’s "boring." but knowing i don't have to babysit my money anymore feels amazing. gonna delete the trading app from my phone and just auto-invest from now on. thanks to the lurkers here who keep preaching simplicity. i finally listened.
panic!!!! sell! sell! sell! get out while you still have some money left! i swear, these kids investing today. down 6% on voo and they are quaking with terror. i'd love to see them during the .com crash. that was such an amazing opportunity and we had 10 years to buy! my biggest worry is that everything will bounce back too fast for me to get more assets deployed.
which etfs on this list do you hold?
i'm 9 years old and have 2.2m to invest pls help
time to buy the dip don’t panic. buy more !!!
don't sell, don't panic, just watch in silence guys, people got rich from the 1987 crash, being much more bad than the 2025 situation and you there stressing if the world will end. common, relax everythings gonna be ok. everyone stressing by the crash but the rich are getting richer in this situations. it's not the end of the world, it's just a phase! get your things together and be chill and buy the dip!
voo is currently available at a discount! it’s a great time to keep dollar cost averaging as much as possible! if you’re a true long-term investor, now is the time to buy. and if the bottom hasn’t hit yet, continue investing regularly. while many are panicking in situations like this, seasoned investors are actually taking advantage of the opportunity.
i’m starting investing today at 20 years old! just bought 10 voo shares. is there anything else i should do? i’m all new to this so thank you everyone for any advice you can give!
i’m 22 m and started putting $50 a week for the last 2 years into my acorns ira.
why is the stock market performing well on news of government shutdown i thought this would have the opposite effect
🫡
etf dividends
2025 be like
am i the only one who didn’t realize this? vanguard’s voo is a play at 500! v is 5 in roman numerals and oo is, well.. 00 mods feel free to delete if against any guidelines.
why is everyone so emotional? why is everyone so emotional? thinking they are smart buying the dip or asking if they should sell? the posts here really just show me the majority should be in the stock market.
just hit 3k invested! college student, 21 years old. started 3 months ago.
i am so grateful i didn’t lump sum. in october of last year i received an inheritance of $250k. my single mother passed away in my early 20’s. i am 35 years old today. i live a very very modest life and work a job that pays $45k a year. this was life changing money for me that my mother sacrificed so much for. i was urged to lump sum, but looking at the market gave me a massive lump in my stomach. it looked extremely overvalued, so i began to dca into the market. as of now i still have $200k in cash left to deploy. i am still sticking with my plan to dca $10k a month into index funds, and i am looking at this market downturn as a gift. i could’ve been very wrong in my approach (and i still might be), but i am extremely grateful that this was the path i took. i hope you all hang in there during these very hard times and wishing the absolute best of luck!
today is the day the dip keeps dipping retail has been generously rewarded with the "buy the dip" strategy since the covid pandemic. buy the dip has paid off in under a year every single time there has been a downturn or correction, meaning you see profit before your new investments can even become long term capital gains taxable. today i am here to warn young investors, if tariffs stick around the dip will likely keep dipping, and when other countries retaliate it will likely continue the bearish sentiment. this is very possibly **not** a v-shaped recovery, there is actually a possibility this turns into stagflation, so please please please do not overstretch your funds. please please please do not expect the stock market to rebound immediately "like it always does", because sometimes it doesn't. please be aware of your investing and financial limits and do not over invest, you could have to wait 5+years to see a positive return. i know it's the worst thing to say and will likely get a billion eye rolls, but with tariffs this time is actually, genuinely different. because of tariffs there will be major supply chain shifts, major industrial shifts, major trade partners shifts. because of tariffs , the rest of the world will shift away from the us. don't get me wrong the stock market will be fine in the long run, but medium term? eh. short term? real muddy waters. but genuinely, actually, seriously, tariffs of this magnitude do actually fundamentally make this time different on a macroeconomic scale, do not expect things to recover as usual. tldr: please understand your risk level, please do not over invest expecting a v-shaped recovery, and please for the love of john bogle do not fucking sell unless u are dying. tariffs are actually different, this is uncharted economic territory nobody knows what will happen.
i asked gpt to roast r/etfs r/etf is where people go to discover passive investing and immediately do everything in their power to make it active. “just bought voo at the all-time high. did i ruin my future?” bro, you bought the s&p 500—not dogecoin at 3 am because some guy on tiktok winked at a chart. it's literally designed to go up over time. you didn't ruin your future. you just joined the club with everyone else who doesn't want to die broke. and then you’ve got the “is now a good time to invest?” crowd. fam, if you’re asking reddit whether it's safe to invest in the entire u.s. economy, maybe investing isn’t for you. maybe the bank with the lollipop at the counter is more your speed. if you're too scared to dca into vti, what are you going to do when your portfolio drops 30% in a real crash? cry into your vanguard login screen? every other question is either “voo or spy?” like the difference between a 0.03% and 0.04% expense ratio is going to decide your retirement age, or “is schd good?”—as if dividend etfs are the holy grail and not just boomer bait with a monthly dopamine hit. but the real mvps are the ones that say “thinking of selling now and buying back in when the market dips.” congratulations, you’ve invented day trading with etfs. next, you’ll be scalping qqq during your lunch break while reading investopedia like it’s a holy text. newsflash: if you’re timing the market with broad-market index funds, you’ve missed the whole point of why they exist. you’re trying to cheat on a test where the only correct answer is just showing up and sitting still for 30 years. and don’t get me started on the 18-year-olds dropping $100 into fxaix and asking when they’ll be millionaires. not with your attention span, my dude. you’ll sell the second cnbc says “rate hike.”
it will be fine! **the market will be just fine over time.** **buy the right and hold it tight.** **stay the course and let capitalism do its thing.** **have a great weekend, y’all.**
not a huge amount but i just hit my first $1k invested! i know people on here post about having like 500k portfolios and stuff but i’m pretty hyped. i started late and don't have a massive salary, just been throwing whatever extra cash i have into splg (cheaper voo right?) every paycheck. checked today and realized i crossed the $1,000 mark. it ain't retiring me tomorrow but seeing that number go up is kinda addictive in a good way. just wanted to share cause my friends think investing is boring lol. hope everyone is having a green week
spy comparison
my schd holdings right now... i’m dying
to all those who panic sold in the recent drop thank you for the flash sale... hope to do business with you again next month
sold my car to buy s&p500 58,850 some context, i have a fully funded emergency fund with my wife that covers us for a year, however with the markets how they are now, i knew i wanted to put money into the s&p500 and take a serious stance for growing my finances so, this week, i sold my dream car to add more funds to my investments. it had a monthly payment and i also work from home, so cost of the car was not worth it. taking the bull by the horns.
crazy, huh?
first 100k 95% voo and 5% vxus. sharing this on here because there is literally only 1 friend i can share this joy with. i’m scared of what my parents, siblings, and friends will say or feel. i haven’t been living particularly frugally; i lucked out due to my hobby being low cost to free for the most part. living far from family and friends also “help” because i don’t really have many people to go out with. can’t wait to see how it will grows from here! i’m super grateful for this community i can share my joy with! :)
what etf is better than the 30 year?
breaking news breaking: president donald trump said he would pause reciprocal tariffs on dozens of non-retaliating countries for 90 days, while raising duties on china to 125%. stocks surged on the announcement.
hot take - if you are more than 10+ years away from retirement, stop crying about the market today ... seriously, why are there so many 20-30 year olds whining about a down market in their roth ira / 401k. keep investing, and understand you have many years ahead to weather any storm. if you can’t handle the downturns and stay rational, then maybe the market isn’t for you. stop trying to time the market too. down market, up market, just stay consistent bc all markets should be lower than what the market will be 20-30-40 years from now.
18-year-old here. is this a good strategy? currently have just over $2,000 invested and adding $5/week with an 80/20 split of vti and vxus.
nancy pelosi's portfolio outperformed hedge funds in 2024 in all, their investment portfolio pulled in an estimated 54% return in 2024, more than double the s&p 500’s 25% gain — and beating every large hedge fund, according to numbers in bloomberg’s end-of-year tally of hedge funds’ returns. maybe a pelosi etf soon?
which one is your largest position?
very solid not even a flinch
set and forget 24 yr old i only contribute monthly to qqq, voo, ibit, and smh. 25% each to qqq and voo (yes i’m doubling down) 50% split goes to ibit and smh not sure why spaxx is included... it wasn’t there before and i haven’t moved money into it
major indice etfs
one year of investing weekly made my first roth ira contribution ($100) on 02/15/2024. was an absolute noob and had no idea about retirement accounts. maxed out 2023 ira on 03/08/2024 been investing every week since in ira, hsa and some in brokerage $36,000 in 401k. i’ve been contributing to it since 11/21 but got serious around the same date last year vti & vxus on fidelity vanguard admiral 500 + vanguard emerging market etf on 401k
did i mess up? hey all, i screwed up. started investing a few years back and just bought large cap index funds/etfs bc that’s what recommended to me. fast forward to today and i have a little better understanding of the market and realized that i am pretty much invested in the same type of funds. do i keep what i have or consolidate into a one or two funds? tia
every dip is a buying opportunity for long-term investors!
why wouldn’t i buy this leverage etf if i know i’ll hold it for 30 years doesn’t it basically just track the s and p but just on steroids?
anyone who owns icln
just hit 5k!!!! started last year and just hit over 5k this week. not rich just budgeted what i could to invest. its a 5 etf roth. 65% voo 10% schg schd shld and 5% fdvv. keep it moving up :).
compound interest of s&p 500 is this true?
voo reaches $502. do i keep piling in? so i've been buy 3 or 4 shares of voo every month for the last few years and that's going pretty well. it's money for decades ahead of now. i want to avoid 'guessing the market' or any sort of risky stuff. i'm certainly not considering selling, but now wondering if i should plow on with my strategy, or place the money in a savings fund that i have that is 5% interest a year. and by voo with that money if it falls. should i just stick with my so far simple and effective plan?
why are the democrats twice as good at stockpicking this year? nanc vs kruz - represents the stocks owned by the members of congress. makes me wonder if the dems are sharing information with each other since they are currently in power? or did the republicans just pick poorly? interesting stuff either way
best growth funds
in college right now, i’m investing 20 dollars biweekly.
just buy
i put $75k into the market on july 7th. i know, i know, you can’t time the market you can just have time in the market. it’ll go back up, i’m just chuckling that after weeks of research and deliberation i basically bought the (local) top. i figured if anyone would feel my pain it’s the folks in this sub.
1 year journey of deciding to buy 1 voo for every month added to my kids birthday until they are 18! started only a year ago so buying every week to catch up to their ages of 10 & 5 years! need 2 more years of weekly buying before i can switch to monthly!
just hit 10k in my roth just hit 10k with my 3 etf roth ira. i have 65% voo 17.50% shld amd 17.50% schg
surely this is some sort of market manipulation?? trumps dumping the market and then buying the dip in secret.
the best thing about etf’s
i’m new to etfs. i paid a financial management firm 1k/year to manage “extra” 50k funds and this is the mix they provided. what do you think?
i’m in my 20’s, i set up a recurring payments for these etfs every week! good investments?
best performers which of these are in your portfolio?
for the past month
let’s settle this voo vs vti debate once and for all. voo and vti are both low-cost, broadly diversified exchange-traded funds (etfs) that track major u.s. stock indexes. voo tracks the s&p 500 index, which is made up of the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the united states. this means that voo is heavily invested in large-cap stocks, which tend to be more stable and have lower volatility than smaller-cap stocks. voo has outperformed vti slightly over the past 10 years. vti tracks the crsp us total market index, which includes all publicly traded companies in the united states, regardless of their size. this means that vti is more diversified than voo, with a greater exposure to mid-cap and small-cap stocks. since both etf’s have specific advantages, **there is nothing wrong with investing in both vti and voo** as long as you understand the overlap between the two is relatively high. this means that investing in both etfs will not provide you with a great deal of additional diversification. regardless, investing in both may be a great way to increase small and mid-cap exposure without sacrificing large-cap growth.
just bought more voo at $526 today 🤷 ‍ who else is buy more and more voo as it goes down? i want to bounce back as hard as possible with the lowest average stock buy price possible. if it goes down to $500 i am buying even more. my time horizon is 30 years so it has time to bounce back. buy green & buy red and let time in the market do the heavy lifting. 🫡
little over a year investing. 20m. any advice is appreciated.
voo is dipping below $600 again i’ve been dcaing on mondays, so in staying disciplined i haven’t purchased any for this dip yet. it’s nice to see it back to september prices though. who knows it could dip below $500 again (though probably not any time soon).
dividend etfs which are currently in your portfolio?
voo below $500 as of right now dig in !
chatgpt roasting us all in this group
today is my first time manually putting money into an etf. feels kind of scary knowing how much 1 share is. i'm a 32m living in the bay area with no kids or a house. this is my first time manually putting money from my paycheck into an etf like this. i went with voo since it seems really popular as a safe long-term etf according to this subreddit. feels like the first day of the rest of my life when it comes to financial planning.
32f, i started investing in the beginning of 2025. the goal is to hit 1m hopefully in around 10 years. should i do anything different? (i can keep investing 50k yearly)
is this why we won’t have a crash this year?
a comment on voo/vti/vt and “chilling” hey, if anyone has been on this sub long enough, they will probably come across a top comment along the lines of “just invest 100% in voo/vti/vt and chill!” while this is probably pretty solid advice if one is into a one-fund approach, i wanted to do a write-up and share the little knowledge and thoughts i have regarding all this. there is also broadly the question of which of these three is right for you (as for reasons that will become apparent, it doesn't make sense to invest in more than one of these three). first of all, reddit has a vanguard bias for some reason. while voo is a great fund, i think it is worth mentioning that spym is a great alternative to track the same thing. as for vti, schb is a good alternative should you not want to buy into vanguard. always consider expense ratios when buying etfs because small differences will add up in the long run. secondly, it’s also worth noting that investing in a bond etf like sgov or bnd can be beneficial as you age, because it adds stability to your portfolio at the expense of some growth as you near retirement. the “120 rule” suggests subtracting your age from 120 to determine the percentage of your portfolio that should be invested in equities, with the rest allocated to bonds. for instance, if you’re 30 years old, you would invest 90 percent in vt (as an example) and the remaining 10 percent in sgov. broadly though, we should appreciate what each of these three vanguard funds does. voo tracks large-cap companies in the united states, specifically the s&p 500. this is a good way to buy into the largest companies in the united states and really invest in the benchmark for how the united states is doing. investing in the s&p 500 started as a broad strategy to diversify your portfolio. if you imagine it’s 2000 and you were to pick and choose what companies to invest in, you could pick apple and buy stock in what would end up being one of the most successful companies in the world, but you could have also bought into enron and gone bust. by buying into a diversified portfolio, you are buying into the collective wisdom of the market. okay, next the question is: what about the companies outside the top 500? well, you can invest in the total us stock market with vti. however, keep in mind these funds are weighted by market capitalization (meaning the bigger the company, the more it represents in the portfolio). for that reason, you should think of voo as making up roughly 85% of vti. with vti, you are buying into the other 2,500+ companies to further diversify your portfolio. finally, what about international? well, vt is vti plus stocks from all over the world. vti specifically makes up roughly 60% of vt, so think of vt as your option if you want to diversify with stocks from outside the us. now, vti and vt, in vanguard’s wisdom, have divided these percentages up as they did, but you are free to make a three-fund portfolio and pick and choose as you wish. vtwo, vanguard's russell 2000 etf, tracks the mid- and small-cap companies that are added to voo to make vti (more or less, of course). vxus is vanguard’s total international stock etf, which more or less is the 40% added to vti to make vt. one misconception is that choosing voo, vti, or vt eliminates judgment. in reality, selecting among them *is* a judgment call. if you believe (what may very well be the case) that more diversification is always the safest option when investing long-term (10 or 20 or 30 years), vt might be the right option. however, there is reason to believe us large-cap companies will outperform mid/small caps and/or the international market. of course, the opposite may be true. with the looming supposed ai bubble, mid- and small-cap companies may prove more valuable. or, if you (for what i personally believe is an erroneous belief) think the us will step away as the leader of business on the world stage in the next 10/20/30 years, you may wish to invest more in international stocks. there is no universally correct answer. each fund reflects a different worldview about how markets may evolve and how much diversification you value. edit/addendum: hey, just wanted to add this to respond to a lot of general comments. i do find it a little funny that multiple people are complaining that the post is too long and they didn’t read it but are sharing their thoughts anyway. nobody is forcing you to read what i wrote, so just ignore the post if you don’t want to read it. regardless, **tl;dr: i’ve noticed on the sub that the common advice given is to invest 100% in a single broad-market etf like voo, vti, or vt and “chill.” if you didn’t know: voo tracks the 500 largest u.s. companies; vti tracks voo plus u.s. mid- and small-cap companies (voo is ≈ 85% of vti); and vt tracks the entire world supposedly (vti is ≈ 60% of vt). there is no “no-brainer” option, and selecting one of these is a decision about your view of how different sectors of the economy will perform and how much you want to hedge your assumptions by further diversifying.** with that tl;dr out of the way, i think some people are confused and asking what fund i would recommend then, which is beside the point. the truth is i don’t know whether in 10/20/30 years voo, vti, or vt will outperform the others, and nobody can say with confidence which will. granted, as others have pointed out, going 100% into any of these will most likely yield you a strong return in a couple of decades, so in that sense you can’t go wrong. however, some are taking that fact and running with the idea that i am overthinking it, which sure might be the case because going 100% into any of these three options would all be good ideas. nevertheless, going in on one etf for the foreseeable future (and possibly through retirement) is a huge decision that i personally think warrants consideration beyond someone coming and asking a specific investment question and getting a platitude response without much further explanation. i think if someone takes the time to come to this subreddit and ask a question, they may be interested in a more thoughtful explanation. regardless of whether you pick voo, vti, or vt, you are betting (i hate using that word because it makes investing sound like gambling, which it isn’t, but regardless the verbiage explains the point) that large-cap companies in the u.s. will grow and succeed over the extended future. by investing in vti, you are, in a certain sense, hedging that bet by bringing in mid- to small-cap companies that potentially could outperform in certain years and make your portfolio stronger in the long run. with vt, you are hedging the same way but with international companies. if you do your own research, you can pick different funds and form your own portfolio based upon how diversified you want to be. simplicity is generally key, but going 100% into any of these three funds, while a good investment in my opinion, is not your only option.
why do weed stocks perform so poorly?

here we go: china deepseek. it’s going to get ugly, but buy the dip! yall heard the news. chinese ai more efficient and cheaper. this is going to tank the american big tech, they can’t deliver on the numbers they said they could now. our index funds/etf are tech heavy. it will be a bloodbath! this is the correction and pullback that we all been waiting for. here we go: let’s buy the dip!!!! who’s buying?!
brkb has outperformed voo by 24.65% ytd kind of crazy that a single fund is out performing the s&p 500 by almost 25% ytd. for those that are all in the s&p 500, do you have any regrets? is anyone in brkb? i personally don’t have any regrets being mostly all in voo right now (with a few individual companies) but you can’t argue with warren buffets results during a draw down and his company is up 14% ytd. he also sold off a lot of his stock before this draw down and was sitting on something like 300 billion cash.
meta: is there anything we can do about the fact that 90% of the posts in this sub are all just asking to ‘rate my portfolio’, most of which contain the same handful of etfs? hi everyone, i’m a fairly new user on this sub but i just wanted to bring up the conversation on something i’ve noticed. if you look at the posts in the sub, almost all of them are from people asking others to rate their portfolio. aside from the fact that it’s hard to see so few posts on any other topic, it drives me nuts that the portfolios of users on this sub, are often fairly identical. everyone owns the same nasdaq stocks, ark funds, betz, clean energy, and marijuana. another post that’s even more infuriating is when people want this sub to do their due diligence for them and basically their entire post consist of “what do you think about $wxyz, should i buy it?”. there’s never any other info on the post either, like what made you believe that this might be a good etf to invest in in the first place. i have a few proposals to curb this kind of behavior and hopefully make this sub better : 1. a post in the sidebar to a link on the basics of how to construct a portfolio, or simple etf investment strategies. this hopefully will decrease the number of daily new posts asking about this. 2. a post on the side bar with detailed answers to why this sub is generally in favor of or against certain commonly inquired about etfs. if everyone is going to build their portfolios so similarly, we may as well have a prepared post with the subs concensus on stocks like icln, arkg, qqqm, spy, msos, lit, blok etc... 3. we could start a monthly subreddit favorite etf funds post. maybe put up a poll or a stickies discussion thread on which etfs everyone currently loves. this way if the top 10 funds users on this sub approve of are easily available, people can stop asking about them in those types of posts 4. this is my favorite suggestion. in order for anyone to post asking for feedback on their portfolio, they must share one piece of due diligence in their post, preferably about a stock they are inquiring about. you have to tell us why you like the stock and how it got included in your portfolio, even if your reasons are basic and incomplete. anyone who is investing in etfs without doing some type of dd is a fool of they’re blindly following the advice they get from strangers on here. even if it’s something as giving us the p/e ratio, div yield, expense ratio and top 10 holdings, that’s more than what most posts contain. in doing so, i think the number of new posts without due diligence that just ask the sub to do the work for someone will decrease, and hopefully if everyone is sharing dd then we’ll all learn something new when we come on here. let me know what you all think. if you have some suggestion your own, i’d love to hear them!
voo and chill after trying various investments these past few weeks, i’ve come to the realization that the saying of “voo and chill” is 100% true. it is now the largest etf in the world. putting in $1000 weekly going forward. good luck out there, investors!
wanted to save you guys some time so i created the r/etf’s topic wheel
just hit $100k :) just hit a personal goal of mine and thought i’d celebrate it here since i don’t know if i should tell anyone irl. breakdown: $68k in spaxx (4.97) making around $300/month $18k on voo (dca’ing $1k/month) from spaxx roth ira: vti (70%) vxus (30%) maxing it out every year, unfortunately missed a year of growth as i started at 19. money came from yt adsense / w2 jobs. not sure if i should tell family/friends
this subreddit is not healthy. the content on this subreddit violates the very principles that etf investing is intended for. "is this going to be a black monday?" who cares, if you're investing for the long term it literally does not matter. "should i wait another week for the market to tank to buy voo?" nobody knows if an etf is going to go up, down, sideways or in fucking circles, least of all r/etf posters, right? it's all a fugayzi, you know what a fugayzi is? i do not understand why half the people on this subreddit insist on treating it like wsb. just find a sustainable strategy that fits your investing goals, set some money aside each month, and enjoy your green schwab portfolio in 30 years.
i am wondering if this will be a bull run year, crash, correction, or huge gains! what is everyone’s predictions?
boys see this and just say “hell yea”
life's too short to be the richest person in the retirement home. just wanted to say that, that’s it.
postmortem: can someone please explain why the s&p 500 did not drop more than 4-5% today? does anyone have a decent explanation? i know it will be after the fact rationalization, but i'd still like to hear them.
all seems overvalued, except for buffett's company (p/e ratio market map)
when you know fundamentals matter... but the headlines are screaming recession.
bad to own both voo & vti 🤔 i’ve been told many times that it’s the worst idea to own both vti & voo. overlap overlap overlap. my 401k account only offers vti as the best option, otherwise i would of chosen voo, the next best option was i believe some midcap etf and target date funds. i’d rather just keep my 401k with vtiq and accept the overlap, thoughts?
tough decade ahead for s&p 500 what do people make of this? don’t buy sxr8?
vanguard announces fee cuts for nearly 100 funds, including etfs with billions of dollars in assets
this sub in a nutshell
keep buying! emotionally you want to sell, but this is a great buying opportunity. if you are in your 20s 30s or even 40s... a market correct, even a recession, is great for your long term outlook. continue to buy month after month, you are lowering your cost basis and exponentially increasing your long term returns because of it. stay the course, continue to invest - do not panic sell.
here’s to the next 30 years! here’s to riding this for the next few decades!
finally crossed the threshold :) we had projected to be here by the end of the year but the recent runs have us ahead of schedule. our portfolio is 75% etfs and they out perform regularly. i'm 2 months from 43yo, so well behind, but learned about all of this stuff on my own and am now investing pretty heavily (3-4k per month) trying to catch up. love when folks share these milestones as it's motivating and projecting to be cross the next 100k in a little over 2 years is amazing! let's just hope ai doesn't come through and dismantle the economy as we have all always known it before then! anyway, just felt like sharing. cheers to you all for the continued inspo in this sub!
overlap police in this sub when you own voo and qqq at the same time
how is everyone coping / dealing with this historic 2 day loss? i was unfortunate to lump sum and aggressively invest into voo starting in nov 2024 and am now down 12% what are some strategies for dealing with losses and fear of economic uncertainty? i feel like this is a historic time and something we have not seen before, which makes me uneasy. i have a long timeline and am only 37 years old, but there is still an uneasy feeling and a level of uncertainty that is certainly not comfortable. what are doing in these difficult times? is anyone selling for a loss? edit: down now 13%+
off my chest : finally free of stocks, i'm done i had 100k. i thought i could beat the market. i just wanted to make more money so life would be easier in the future. get rich quick got to my head. i went up to 101k, then down to 95k, then 93k, then 98k and finally 97k. i'm done. no more. i said i would go etfs before but i kept thinking maybe i will get lucky. no more. i think i have gotten addicted, especially this past month where i am, constantly looking for a dip or trying to sell on news or looking at earnings and whatever. i'm done now. i lost 3k. i'm going to keep what i have. i uninstalled yahoo finance and turned on dividend reinvestment. going with: 75% voo 10% schg 10% schd 5% schy maybe not the most efficient group, but it is fine for now. i learned my lesson. i'm down essentially 3% but it is what it is. i can't do this anymore. sorry, i just wanted to get that off my chest. thank you for reading.
just in: us federal court blocks president trump's liberation day tariffs from taking effect. just in: us federal court blocks president trump's liberation day tariffs from taking effect.
got my first whole voo i am 23 year old student who lives in a third world country (our average salary is like 450 dollars). due to some health issues, i just be able to start investing. today i got my first whole voo (1.105 to be precise). i am working part-time in a company and i think they are gonna make a job offer to me. happy to be with you all and want to continue my investing journey for a long time. [fund is a american market fund from my country's bank. i am converting it to voo when it sums up to a decent amount. crypto is all btc ](
the market is on sale don’t be drake today.
how long did it take you to realize.. that voo is roman numeral 5 (v) + 2 0s for “500” /s&p500? it personally took me way too long
top stock exchange returns 2015-2025
anyone else still voo and chilling? lately a lot of noise on the topic of inevitable downfall of voo/spy, etc. wondering if anyone else is still chilling on voo or any other s&p500 index, how are you coping?
are us stocks overpriced, or is there just nowhere else to get yield?
stop denying the math !
s&p 500
started out with $0 i wanted to share with someone that i hit my goal of $1,000 in my roth ira within a year of opening the account. i started grad school making 20k a year, no retirement, and little savings. after reading ramit sethi’s book i opened up a roth ira and had a goal within a year to make it to a grand. i have a full time job now making a decent salary and some money in savings. i can’t wait to get more aggressive with my contributions this year.
bought voo at the highest point in market in mid feb. needs some comfort and advice. hi, i purchased some (5000$) voo in mid-february, around the highest point. this is quite disheartening because i was waiting for the "dip" for so long, but it just did not come. so i convinced myself that the wolf would not come. yet, right after i purchased voo, it came. i just need some comfort; i feel like an idiot and an unlucky basterd.
lesson learnt in the last bull market during the last bull market cycle in 2020-21, i made a decision that turned out to be one of the biggest financial mistakes of my life. i sold all my 401(k) investments and put everything into arkk, believing it was the ultimate winner. 2022 market correction was a wake-up call. watching my portfolio take a significant hit was a harsh lesson in the dangers of chasing hype. couple years ago, i sold my arkk holdings and shifted everything into fxaix. since then, i’ve been consistently investing my 401(k) contributions into this fund, and i plan to stick with it until retirement. currently 32 years old. moving forward, i’ve decided to keep things simple—focus on the market as a whole and avoid speculative plays in my 401(k). lesson learnt 1. never trust cathie wood 2. only trust voo / fxaix
etfs visual
honestly i think im done with "smart" investing. selling everything for voo. idk if anyone else feels like this but i am actually losing my mind watching the s&p rip every single day while my "diversified" portfolio just sits there doing nothing. ive been doing the whole boglehead thing for like 3 years now. holding vti and vxus and some avuv because someone on here told me small cap value is the holy grail. well guess what? my friends who literally just bought spy or qqq and forgot about it are absolutely crushing me. like it’s not even close. i look at my international funds and its just red or flat. everyone says "oh but valuations are lower overseas" yeah well maybe they are lower for a reason?? i feel like an idiot betting against amazon and google just to own some random nestle stock or whatever is in vxus. im seriously considering just selling it all tomorrow and dumping 100% into voo and deleting the app. i know as soon as i do that the market will crash but i cant take the fomo anymore. seeing 20 year olds on tiktok making 40% returns while im bragging about my 6% "risk adjusted" return is painful. am i being dumb? is international actually going to do anything or is this just a trap for people who read too many textbooks. roast me if you want but i need a reality check before i rage sell everything.
officially giving up on picking stocks. you guys win tried to be a "trader" for the last year. watched hours of youtube, drew lines on charts, stressed out every single morning. just did the math and im literally down money. meanwhile my friend who knows absolutely nothing about finance just buys vti every month and is up. actually hurts my ego lol. anyway deciding to swallow my pride. selling all my random individual stocks tomorrow morning and dumping it into vti and maybe some vxus. guess im officially boring now. hope the peace of mind is worth it cause i am tired of having heart attacks over earnings reports. just wanted to vent to people who get it.
3 etf mistakes i made as a beginner (don’t be like me ) when i first started investing in etfs, i thought i was being smart, diversified, and chill. turns out, i was just *enthusiastically confused*. here are 3 etf mistakes i made early on—hopefully you can dodge these better than i did: **1. owning 3 different s&p 500 etfs and thinking i was diversified** “oh nice, this one has lower fees... but this one has cooler branding... and this one? eh, why not!” spoiler: they all did basically the same thing. i somehow managed to be *diversified in redundancy*. **2. ignoring the expense ratio because ‘it’s just 0.5%’** 0.5% doesn’t *sound* like much, until you realize you're donating a small but consistent slice of your returns every year. my past self would’ve saved more just by being a little lazier and picking a low-fee etf instead. **3. chasing the hottest thematic etfs like i was picking crypto coins** “oh wow, this etf focuses on drone-delivered organic vegan pet food startups? to the moon!” yeeeah... i learned the hard way that hype ≠ returns. sometimes boring is beautiful. **tl;dr:** keep it simple. watch the fees. and don’t overthink it—etfs are supposed to make life easier, not turn you into a fund hoarder with commitment issues. what were your early etf blunders? let me know i’m not alone
first year of maxing my roth ira at 36. should i just stick at voo and chill?
anyone else buying voo on sale right now? dipping. highest peak for voo about 2 weeks ago was like $519 a share. it has since dropped down to like $490 a share ( and prob will keep dipping). i just bought some more today. been buying this little dip run ever since it’s been dropping from its ath. honestly does feel like i’m trying to catch a falling knife lol. but at this point my portfolio is in the red, might as well keep buying this dip all the way down. who’s with me?! crossing my fingers we’ll be able to look back one day and see this as a discount. 🤣
$4,000/month into voo too much? should i diversify? for context, i'm 27m. i have a good job. i'm able to set aside around $4,000 to invest in the stock market. i can put all into voo. but is that too much into one etf? should i put some into gold, silver, bitcoin, maybe some into riskier assets? any recommendations?
when you realize vti already did what your 50-tab spreadsheet was trying to do. spends 3 weeks researching thematic / sector etfs with possible higher yields. also me: still ends up 100% vti and chill. let’s be real—how much of your portfolio is just broad market etfs? anyone here still going heavy into sector-specific or thematic plays?
is vt really the best long term investment? i heard many ppl say that just buy vt and wait. but in terms of return there are many other etfs that outpreform vt is vt really the best etf if i just want to invest my money somewhere and dont care about it? or is adding a bit of other etfs better?
21, everything in voo ? i’m 21 years old. just got started with my roth ira. i’m confused with the things that i read, different people have different opinions on what to invest in. should i put everything in voo then? i really want to get serious about this. thank you for your help!
so i just bought 100k of vt all at once after hesitating for months it came out to 868 shares. no regrets. that was roughly half my savings too. i need to keep some liquid cash and i have it in vanguard money market with a 5.28 % sec yield. i don't want to risk everything.
comparing voo and vti for first time investor. i made a post earlier today about being ready to start seriously investing for the first time. i am 25 years old living in the us, and i’ll start with at least contributing $500 every 2 weeks. i just got hired at my first serious job recently since graduating, and am earning enough money to regularly contribute. unfortunately, i can’t begin my 401k with them until a year of employment, but i want to begin investing now. i’ve most likely decided to lead with voo or vti and just build one of them for a while. i got curious researching the two, and was able to make a comparison chart in fidelity. i found that they have been nearly identical in percentage growth for the past year, and even years beyond that not shown in the chart. what reason would i have to invest in one over the other as a first time investor?
now is the time to buy blood in the streets and factors are largely temporal buy solid etfs and index and be patient!!!!!
finally reached $10,000 i'm 23 and 7 months ago i got my first full time job. i started aggressively investing every check into voo. when i started $10,000 seemed impossible to reach, but now that i'm here i feel like i have barely started. it feels good to finally see some real progress and i just wanted to share with anyone else my age that it is possible. i also started investing in schf for personal reasons, but if anyone has advice or anything i'm always open.
130k and i'm panicking i'm 30 years old, i'm spanish and i have a fair amount of wealth. i also own a house and a car, already paid for. i have no debts. the problem? i don't know how to manage this liquidity i have in my account. i tried to rely on financial advisors, but they only care about their commission, they don't care about my growth. consequently i am afraid to invest and lose my capital. i understand financial tools but what i really lack is someone i can trust to tell me how to create an income in the coming years. unfortunately, with the job i have, i am unable to commit myself fully to studying. in recent years i have missed out on so many investment opportunities. my friends tell me to put everything on msci world and wait. is it really that simple?
my first investment
advice for newcomers... time in the market beats timing it.
do you really believe/think stock price will continue to drop? after today's drop (03/28), i've noticed many people saying stocks have more room to fall. some believe trump's policies will severely harm the economy and even lead to a recession, suggesting this decline is just beginning. others point to technical analysis or momentum perspective, saying the current spx/nq has dropped below the 200-day moving average, and failed to go up the 200ma line. this would indicate that the price has more down room. most of my investments are in spy and qqq, with more qqq. but whenever i hear predictions like this, i always wonder: if everyone truly expects the stock to decline further, wouldn't that decline already be priced in? for example, if people were sure a 2% drop was coming, they could simply sell now and repurchase at a lower price, locking in gains instantly. also, while trump's policies seem concerning, he's already been in office for two months—shouldn't those worries already be reflected in current prices? i'm genuinely interested in hearing your thoughts on this. from my perspective, today's drop looks more like an opportunity to load more shares at a discount.
dear sir or madam, about your portfolio ... i am an experienced investor (decades) and many would consider my wife and i to be rich. i stumbled across this subreddit a couple of weeks ago. what i found was some occasional sound advice but many substantially identical posts from young folks saying that they are long-term investors and asking about equity investment choices. i’m going to try to make a generic response as i am far too lazy to respond to each one. here goes: sir or madam: you are holding too many equity funds and there is significant overlap in holdings. two or maybe three equity funds is plenty for a long term investor. we hold one fund. your holdings have been mostly influenced by recent events. ([ during the decades of your portfolio’s life asset values will wax and wane in completely unpredictable ways. spend some quality time studying a few quilt charts if you think you have some special talent for predicting the future. spoiler: you don’t. ([ back testing and careful study of funds’ histories are at best a waste of time and at worst dangerous. specifically, in the future many recent sector winners like qqq will revert to the mean or will be among the 5-10% of funds that fail and are closed or merged every year. you are looking at your investments far too often. behavioral finance research has shown that investors who look at their portfolios frequently have worse results than those who do not. looking once a year is a good frequency; looking once every few months is fine if that’s the limit to your self-discipline. ration your trades. allowing yourself one or two trades a year is a good place to start. you cannot time the market. (taylor larimore's market timing quotes [ here is some wisdom from experts who know more about investing than any of us little guys ever will: * warren buffett: “the stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.” * buffett: "much success can be attributed to inactivity. most investors cannot resist the temptation to constantly buy and sell." ... "lethargy, bordering on sloth should remain the cornerstone of an investment style." * william bernstein: “you are not as good looking, as charming, or as good a driver as you think you are. the same goes for your investing abilities. in an environment filled with incredibly smart, hard-working, and well-informed participants the smartest trading strategy is not to trade at all.” * 18th century economist adam smith's comment on some human delusions: "the overweening conceit which the greater part of men have of their own abilities \[and\] their absurd presumption in their own good fortune." as quoted in "against the gods; the remarkable story of risk" by peter bernstein. so, what to do? first, stop playing with your food. if you’ve bought, don’t buy any more. if you’ve not yet bought, don’t. remember will rogers’ advice: "there are three kinds of men. the one that learns by reading. the few who learn by observation. the rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves." do some reading to educate yourself: * "if you can" by william bernstein [ (free 16 page download with further reading recommendations) * "the coffee house investor" by bill schultheis [ (this is bill's first book; read it before reading his second one.) * "the bogleheads guide to investing" by taylor larimore et al [ * "the simple path to wealth" by jl collins: [ extra credit: * "winning the loser's game" by charles ellis [ (latest edition, may 2021) that’s enough for now. successful investing is boring. if you’re not bored you’re not doing it right. good luck.
21m roth ira growth since age 16 throwaway account. really proud of this, no one else in my life knows or would care. became obsessed with stocks/investing when my grandma gifted me 1 share of apple for my 13th birthday ($100 value at the time). begged my parents to open a custodial roth ira for me as soon as i got my first job and had taxed income. i’ve maxed out every year since (still need to do my 2024 contribution though but have the 7k cash sitting in a hysa). should i start buying some other etfs?
17m just started investing need tips i know this is probably horrible investment wise. any suggestions would be amazing.
[serious] this subreddit has such recency bias that goldfish look like they have photographic memory. in light of all of the "should i sell posts" i have to speak up a bit. 2 weeks ago you look at any rate my portfolio post and nearly everyone is recommending every high-risk etf you could name. arkk, arkg, arkw, arkq, icln, yolo, moon, tan, lit, i can keep going. and these were all recommended knowing damn well that a correction was due. and nearly unanimously every person would say something along the lines of "buy and don't sell", "cathie wood could sell me on immortality at this point", "there'll be a correction i'm sure, but don't sell." now the second a "correction appears to happen" you all panic. the market will bounce back, bottom line. it's like people forgot about the horrible drop when the pandemic happened. now looking back, everyone wishes they bought more stock around then. go ahead and sell, it not my portfolio and i don't lose sleep over your decisions. but let me double-check how far this correction has been so far. yep.. checking ... the s&p is down to where we were all the way back to... exactly one month ago. yep. the nasdaq100 is down to ... 3 months ago. incredible. arkk is down slightly where it was in january 1... 2 months ago. but disregard all of that. maybe the moral of the story is that reddit shouldn't be defining your portfolio because no one knows what they're doing. the swarm of ark followers has sort of disappeared. i haven't seen a single renewable energies etf post that sounds like they're keeping it. don't just "hear what's good" and then buy it and then the second "you hear what's bad", sell it. jack bogle said it best. there's nothing wrong with the etf (with regards to tifs), as long as you don't trade it. ​ second bottom line. 100 vt or vti/vxus. never worry about this shit again. do some flash cards and build that memory back up.
i did it!!! went to fidelity and opened up a roth ira and put 100% in fxaix (max out ira every year or $583 a month) opened up a personal account and put 100% into vt ($200 monthly). plus upped my with holding in my 401k to 7%... feeling kinda good today.
this sub needs to change its name to “rate my etf” it’s just a circle jerk of someone with 23% voo to someone with 25.5% voo then a smattering of the most popular etfs. this sub is boring as fuck. it’s the same shit daily. “ohhhh i’m 123 years old and i put $900 into voo and ark series etfs when you said they would dip” fuckin hell
learn to fish - guidelines for building your portfolio being that most of this sub is just a rate my portfolio thread, it seems you guys dont know how to construct one from scratch. im by no means some financial overlord but i do work in the industry and i think i can give you some guidelines as far as how to assemble one instead of just asking a bunch of other people (who also have no idea what theyre doing), so lets get started. ​ first, this is only going to cover the equity portion of your portfolio - most of you seem to be 19-29 so you shouldnt have bonds anyway. keep enough cash to sleep at night but i wouldnt suggest bonds for you youngins quite yet, especially since they yield basically 0 at this point. second, these portfolios are fine for your trad, roth, or individual account. they are supposed to be long term investments; you want day trading go somewhere else. third, you guys are the least patient group of people ever. a few months ago every thread was just stanning the ark funds being like 100% of your portfolio then as soon as they go down you post about value funds, dividends and even bonds, lmao! if you have conviction in your strategy you just dca into all your funds. the corrections are just when things are on sale. nothing of note has changed with arks style, approach or management team other than minor analyst turnover, so if you liked them in december, you should like them just as much now. fourth, lets touch on international stocks. over long periods they do not seem to outperform us stocks. however, they can be uncorrelated so you can decrease volatility in your portfolio with increased diversification. just know you might be sacrificing a bit of long term gains. now, theres no scientific reason why me, you or anyone can say that they're certain that us stocks will outperform foreign over the next 40 years, so you can have intl exposure if you want to, i personally dont have any but up to 25% i think is ok. 40% like some target date funds i think is too high. fifth, none of these percentages are concrete. people like to think in 5s and 10s so these are just some general starting points, it doesnt matter if the prices of the etfs and the value of your portfolio only work out to 7s and 13s, its fine. sixth, i used mostly vanguard etfs for these, but any equivalent is probably fine. theres not much difference especially in indexes, pick invesco, schwab or fidelity if you want. seventh, qqq is pretty popular and the idea of using that instead of voo is pretty interesting, something to consider if you want, but i dont have strong enough conviction to say its objectively better and using a crazy 10 year tech run might not be the best advice, but i dont think its bad advice either. eighth - be careful when looking at historical returns presented as "evidence." most people would say that going back 1 month proves nothing, same with one year. but what about 5 years? 10 years? is a 20 year sample size good enough? ok, you're going all the way back to 1926? wouldnt the last 20 years be more indicative of the current market than when people were on horse and buggy? there's no concrete cut off date when the sample becomes large enough but the super small and super large samples both seem silly to me. there are some trends that you might be able to pick up on, but be careful when people just throw out some of these and use it as fact for their whole investment thesis. the people who shouted value in 2015 because growth just had a crazy run, valuations were high and value tends to outperform over the long term have been absolutely buttfucked by growth bulls the last 5 years. its fine to have a tilt, but try to have a portfolio that will do ok even if you're wrong. ok, enough qualifiers, lets do this. portfolio 1 - i dont know anything but i want to invest vt - 100% you get max diversification and minimum volatility by investing in the entire earth. you only have to worry about buying one thing the rest of your life and you're probably going to outperform your robinhood trading meme moron friends. this is fine and if you just want maximum simplicity and getting one etf the rest of your life prevents you from impulse trading just do this for 40 years and youll have a nice juicy net worth when you're old. anything beyond this you are basically weighing certain things that you think will outperform (for example, i think vti will outperform vt over 10, 20, 40 years etc. however, i am being more specific by buying only us stocks. this has some risk, albeit small imo. because its added risk, you have a chance of outperforming and a chance of underperforming. as the portfolios get more complex, we will be specifying more, adding more risk, thus more chance to outperform and more chance to underperform. portfolio 2 - i want to control my ratio of us and intl exposure, but i'm still very new vti, vxus - any % you want vt is 60/40 which i think is way too much intl so you can make it 85/15 or 90/10 or 50/50, whatever you want. if youre really feeling frisky, you can split vxus into vea and vwo (developed and emerging markets) but just vxus is totally fine. ​ portfolio 3 - differentiating by market cap voo, vxf or voo, vo, vb the general vti is about 72% large cap, 24% mid cap, 9% small cap. mid and small caps tend to outperform over long periods while also being more volatile. this makes sense because a small company can 10x easier than a huge company like jnj or jpm can. however, they are generally less proven, tenured, have less cash flow, more debt and less market share, so they can bust more easily as well. personally, i'm a big proponent of having a larger weight of smalls/mids than the general vti. you dont want to cut out the big dudes entirely (who wants to miss out on the faangs?) but having a bigger weight than 25ish % *could* give you more long term gains. ​ weighting growth vs value. these portfolios are a bit more complicated since i separated market cap size as well as value vs growth etfs. key point is i would high recommend having some of each, not going exclusively one or the other. portfolio 4 - value bent, conservative vonv - lg value 25% vug - lg growth 25% vxf - smids 15% viov - small value 10% vfqy - quality factor 10% vig - dividend appreciation 15% small cap stocks and value stocks have outperformed historically so if you want to mimic that you can add quality factor, extra small value weight and vig (div appreciation is companies that continuously raise their dividend, meaning they have the balance sheet stability to do so, usually more solid companies). you can alter the weights any way you like ​ portfolio 5 - value bent, aggressive vonv - lg value 20% vug - lg growth 20% vxf - smids 20% viov - small value 20% vbk - small growth 10% vfva - value factor 5% vfqy - quality factor 5% this goes heavy into small caps and has 2 factor based funds. i'd say this is about as aggressive as a growth/tech bear can be. ​ portfolio 6 - growth bent, aggressive tech companies have huge margins and much lower overhead, theyve dominated and going against them seems wrong to you. legacy banks, brick and mortar stores and consumer staples are not where the money is going. the internet is here, the future is now, to the moon baby! vug - lg growth 40% ivog - mid growth - 20% viog - small growth 10% viov - small value 10% voe - mid value 15% vfmo - momentum factor 5% ​ portfolio 7 - tech bull, very aggro bro vti - 50% vgt - tech 15% arkk or arkw - mrs wood sitting on your face 15% wcld - cloud computing 10% vwo - emerging markets 10% ​ portfolio 8 - i just did molly, make me a 'folio dude - a hyper aggressive portfolio which i think is a bit excessive but not necessarily bad. vti - 40% arkg - ark genomics 10% arkw - ark internet 10% wcld - cloud computing 5% ibuy - online retail 5% betz - sports betting 5% hero - video games/esports 5% vwo - emerging markets 5% vfmo - momentum 8% gbtc - bitcoin 2% ​ ​ hopefully these give a decent view of how to modify or deviate from just vt or vti/vxus. theres nothing wrong with those, but they aren't guaranteed to be the best either. and if you want to be uber aggressive, thats fine, most of you are like 19. just do it in a measured way and stick to the strategy for years, dont switch it up every 6 weeks, dca for a decade and you'll all be fine.
100k lump sum into voo - 1 year introspection tl;dr at bottom. i (26 m) am very new to investing and made the decision to lump sum 100k into voo last year at the end of august. i bought into it when voo was around 515. little did it know, september is historically the worst month for stocks. voo did indeed drop right after to 496. did i panic? yes. did i think i messed up? yes. however, i decided to stick with it and trust in “time in the market beats timing the market”. now 1 year later, with voo over 600, i do not regret my choice. would it have been better if i waited a little to buy at 496? or even in april of 2025 when it dropped down to 465? yes, it would have been amazing. however, as a new investor, i could not have predicted that. if i decided to hold off for “when it gets lower”, i could’ve missed the potential gains i’ve had. in the long term (15 - 20 years), i can see how it would be negligible. i have continued to dump whatever funds i can into voo, outside of building up my emergency fund further. my voo-only portfolio has grown 20k+. i do intend to diversify down the line, after doing more research on what i would be comfortable in investing. now, with voo at another all-time high, i see posts asking whether if it’s a bad time to lump sum into voo. here’s my experience, and do what you think you can tolerate. accept that you may indeed lose a small amount of gain when it does inevitably drop, but it would not matter that much long term. tl;dr i (26 m) did a lump sum of 100k into voo at 515. i do not regret missing the possibility of going in at 496 or 465. 1 year in, i have a gain of 20k+. in conclusion, it’s worth it to lump sum into voo and not nitpick for a lower share price to go in. time in the market beats timing the market.
smh...voo and chillllll....... planted theae money trees back during the dark days of april 2025 🤑
recently started dca into voo, and people keep warning ai crash is coming soon. so its been one month since i started investing (beginner). i dont know if i have to wait for the crash to invest or keep dcaing as always despite lows?
is this the golden age of investing? with the market sitting at all-time highs, i was clicking around inside my brokerage account and realized that it's now been nearly 10 years since i first started investing. this got me thinking about just how much investing has changed over that time. since i first started, i have seen: · commissions on trades reduced to zero (schwab used to be $8.95) · expense ratios on mutual funds reduced by at least half (some were over 2% when i started) · etfs get launched for virtually every theme or asset class you can think of · expense ratios on plain vanilla etfs get cut to near zero · both active and quantitative investing move into the etf world (avantis is especially notable imo) given all of the above, i can’t help but feel we’ve entered a golden age of investing. it has literally never been cheaper or easier to invest and the returns for a diversified portfolio should be noticeably higher. but what do you all think? are there things that are still holding you back? are there any innovations that i missed on my list?
how am i doing after one year of investing? contributed $33,300 so far and i’m up alittle. only doing voo
goldman forecasts just a 3% s&p 500 annual return the next 10 years, down from 13% the last decade
i’m 17 and this is my roth ira so far
my investments at 19. should i add anything?
29 years old. this is my etf weekly investments. plan on doing this longterm.
vxus is the biggest waste of time and money!! change my mind! seriously with a whooping 4.3% return since 2011, why all these fanboy and girls? i’m sure there’s something really obvious that i am missing, but i just don’t understand all of that. i’m relatively new to etfs and investing
2021 etf performance
voo is a terrible investment according to my family members my family claims that voo will eventually drop by at least 60%, because of the increasing national debt, de-dollarization, the stagnant growth of large us based firms, the inevitable war between china and us over taiwan, and something about interest rate rapidly increasing in 2026 because of the bond market or something i should also note that we're hongkongers, in other words, chinese. i wasn't stupid for buying 309 voo shares with my inheritance last week if i intend to hold onto them until retirement presumably in decades, right? but then again, i should've bought now instead of then, but oh well, the market works in wonderous ways. i'm sure i won't regret it in 10 years time. unless......
smh time to buy?
finally hit 100 shares of voo, now what. after a year and a half of investing i finally reached my goal of 100 shares of voo yesterday but now i’m wondering if i should keep following the voo and chill path or add another etf. i’d currently 21 years old and partly couldn’t care for international. i know i may get some criticism for that it’s just never really fancied me. i just was wondering what else could i get to go with voo that will work well for a long term investment, looking at 20+ years.
thoughts on my portfolio? hello i’m 24 years old, this is my portfolio i’m from the middle east and i come from a family not very financially educated. can you guys tell me if this is good portfolio if i want to invest $2000 monthly in these for a 15-25 years? and do you guys suggest any edits? thank you!
i only had 3k invested total in my 401k this day 3 years ago. the power of consistent investing.
enjoy the voo discount i’m completely serious. i hope it drops further today because i just got paid. always be buying, especially when it’s on sale!!!!
breaking news china retaliated against the us after new tariffs imposed by donald trump, announcing it would raise the tariff on us goods to 84%, escalating the trade conflict between the world’s two largest economies.
before you ask something on this sub, here is your answer. voo. that’s it. that’s the answer to any question anyone might have on this sub. at least that’s what everyone says to anyone asking about literally anything here.
would you buy all 7 and what weight percentage per position?
i hate my first month
at 45, just starting brokerage. need help. thoughts?
young cathie wood pictures are currently not priced into ark. bullish signal
voo and chill should i add other things to my portfolio or is this fine? was thinking of vxus
those with $2,000,000+ portfolios how do you deal with watching account drop 100k, 200k do you check everyday?
it’s over
long term diversified plan i'm starting investing around 10% of my monthly salary. the strategy is to hold long term and have a diversified portfolio. i wont sell unless i really have to. give me your thoughts about the general allocation and etf choices for each asset.
it does work! a little background, i am 30 years old and opened this account august 1st, 2018 and have been dollar cost averaging every month since then of the maximum contribution for that year. this is a roth ira account through vanguard, so this year the maximum you can contribute is $7,000. the fund i am in is a mutual fund, vtsax, which the etf equivalent is vti. at the end of the day it’s not always, “how much” you are putting in but on a consistent basis over the next 20, 30 years. **the 14.30% is annualized so each year i have been getting those returns*** any questions, i’ll be glad to answer :)
just maxed out my roth ira. 100% qqq .... and i feel great about it! my wife’s will be fully funded by the end of the week. qqq there too
i made an epaper etfs display recently, i finished creating an eink assets frame (etfs, stocks, crypto, forex). the idea was that it doesn't look like an electronic device, and it quietly delivers useful information about up to 3 different assets without needing my constant attention. also, i wanted to make it run on battery as long as possible without charging. it can track up to 3 assets, wallet value, has many different templates (i'm working on more), supports many languages, and can also display weather for any location. what do you guys think about such a frame?
starting at 28yr is my portfolio ok or im missing out? im 28yr i like to have aggressive growth portfolio its fine to take risk for around 7-10years then i will rearrange my position, but is there any better option than this portfolio? i can invest 1316$ monthly in weekly dca pattern
anyone else feel like they don’t want to buy stocks / etfs when the market is up now? let me preface this post by saying, i just started investing at 37 years old and lumped summed 30k into the market during november 2024. i was adding aggressively (about 4-6k per month) and unfortunately, put 7k into the market about 2 weeks before liberation day. i haven’t really had a chunk of money to invest since, and although i didn’t sell anything, i missed a lot of the deals in the stock market. i was actually sad to see the market go back up (kind of weird i guess) because i wanted to take advantage of the better prices when i had more money to invest. now with the way things are, i just don’t want to invest anymore at these prices. we just had nvda at $84 a share and it just closed today at $129, in less than a month. buying stock now feels like highway robbery. does anyone else feel this way? i guess i could just stick to my plan of set and forget, but it doesn’t feel good buying stocks at these prices after what we just had.
can we stay above $500 level for a while s&p 500!
voo/spy/ivv split etf portfolio. i have literally just parked the money there and done absolutely nothing for 1 year and it's up 37%. not bragging so much as regretting not doing it sooner.
some data for you guys, don’t panic; keep buying.
🧐 does anyone primarily run a 3 etf portfolio? is the 3 etf portfolio of having growth, dividend, and a broader market etf still worth the hype nowadays? or is it better to just have vt or just ditch the dividend etf all together?
upped my $voo auto-invest to $200/day i recently increased my automatic investment in $voo (s&p 500) from $100 to $200, and i have it set to run daily. since my income has gone up, i want to make sure i’m putting more of it to work. i know a lot of people prefer weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, or even lump-sum investing. personally, i just like a daily schedule.
why bother for anyone interested in asking what to invest in on this reddit. let me save you some time and effort. 99% of the drones on here will just regurgitate one word. voo because that's what the last 9,000 responses have been and most haven't actually researched anything. yes voo can be good but jesus people
just wanted to post that since people here tend to scream s&p 500 as soon as sb. asks where to invest i feel like a lot people should consider to move away from s&p 500 and nasdaq and to diversify their portfolio with msci world and some em. you shouldn’t rely on usa only.
cramer dropped an f-bomb
good morning let’s get this
why is voo the default recommendation? i've always preferred spym (formerly splg) for the lower cost and expense ratio. even a 0.000001% boost in compound growth is good for me!
it’s a good buying day!
dead cat bounce if trump puts china tariffs up to 104% expect a global stock market melt down tomorrow.
19y/o little over 13k invested, what can i do better.
does the s&p 500 really only average 3.6% after taxes and inflation? assuming an average return of 8%, with a basic hypothetical $10,000 invested, after 1 year into a taxable brokerage, that money would grow to $10,800. you would have $800 in long term capital gains and at the highest bracket - taxed at 20%. if you have state taxes (let's assume a 5% state tax for this example), you would owe $200 in taxes out of the $800, or 25%. that means the real return is only 6%. with inflation at 2.4% currently, that 6% return turns into 3.6% respectively. does this mean that anyone who has higher than a 3.6% mortgage rate should technically pay off their mortgage over investing? i had no idea the real rate of return in the stock market was so low...
nasdaq down 3% powell says "we may find ourselves in the challenging scenario in which our dual-mandate goals are in tension,"
i reached my $1m savings! how can i get the highest income from that??? help hello everyone! i’m excited to share that i’ve finally reached my goal of $1 million in savings! i’m looking for ways to generate the highest income from that amount. currently, a high-yield savings account is paying me only 3.7% apy, and i want to avoid taking on too much risk since it was a challenge to save this money. i’m seeking options for better returns. thank you for your help!
is s&p 500 alone enough? i’m 27 and started investing in s&p 500 last year. i like the chill, long-term approach, but i’m not sure if just sticking with the s&p 500 is the best way to go. i’m thinking about diversifying a bit, maybe adding another etf to my portfolio. any suggestions for good etfs to complement the s&p 500?
why this is a great time to buy. buying into a crash in the market has made fortunes every single time. it doesn’t matter if the crash is 3 months or 3 years, 100% of the time you would have made a fortune. buying when the vix is high is also a proven strategy. if you had bought the s&p 500 index when the vix ended the week above 45, you would have ended the year positive and up over 100% on a 5 year period over 90% of the time. we are seeing the vix now hit very rare levels that are seen less than 1% of the time. we have a catalyst (tariffs) causing markets to drop and valuations to come back to earth. we know that scott bessent has been very transparent when he’s said that they want to bring the 10 year yield down. they have been telling us this since inauguration. it’s no secret that trump wants the fed to cut rates more than anything, and one of the most effective ways to do that is to bring the 10 year yield down by tanking the market. they have to bring rates down and do it fast, which is why i think that the tariffs were so drastic and aggressive. they want interest rates down and they want them down now. the goal of this administration is to have a boom in the 2nd half of 2025 and 2026-beyond. bessent even says that this becomes trumps economy in 6 months. if he fails to do so, i think the republicans will lose government positions, tariffs will get over turned and that will instead boost market. we saw an 8% spike in the s&p 500 after fake news about postponing tariffs came out. we’re already starting to see republicans turn on him, so he doesn’t have that much time. we’re leading into a great setup. what a great time to be in the market! a bottom will get hit ,that no one will call during a sea of negativity and we will sky rocket quicker than anyone will even realize. if you aren’t already in you will miss it. that’s why i’m buying all the way down and all the way up. those that got in cheap will be rewarded greatly. i don’t know about everyone else, but i’m loading up. the time is now.
master cheat sheet - ai generated any corrections or missing etfs or categories ?
the duality of man for ever buyer, there is a seller.
bought the dip yesterday. keep on track as bogle would of said
u.s. just bombed iran. market implications/predictions? i'll start with the obvious. 1..oil and gas will shoot up sky high. look for 50 cent to $1 increase at gas stations on monday. 2. gold will go up like crazy 3. core inflation metrics will shoot up as a result because of higher oil. rate cuts this year are off the table. 4. all indices will panic drop on monday, but nothing crazy like back when the tariffs were announced. because of war with iran, and also no rate cuts. 5. vix will go up what i can't predict are cryptos and bonds, cuz i'm not smart enough. thoughts? co trarian opinions?
i'm done with individual stocks. give me 5 etfs somewhat amateur investor here just looking to stash away about $2000 a month for the next 10 years in an effort to pay off our rental properties early. not necessarily looking for 30 years down the road. trying to time the market with individual stocks the last 6 months has been impossible and i'm bailing. looks like voo is essential to any portfolio. what other four etfs would you consistently buy every month?
3 most invested dividend etfs
what are your top 5 etfs for the next 15 years? why? the less words the better.
what is an etf?
18 and hit 10k in roth. everything look good so far?
how am i doing? 35m
made the first contribution to my roth ira this week thanks to this sub!
why is the s&p 500 recommend over the nasdaq 100 even though the nasdaq performs better? just wondering why everyone in this subreddit recommends to invest in s&p 500 etfs when the nasdaq has consistently outperformed it. doing some research, over the last 16 years since 2007, the nasdaq has provided a 13% rate of return vs 9% from the s&p500. the nasdaq is up 315% during that time period, vs the s&p being up 156%. the annualized volatility is also almost the same with the nasdaq being at 22% vs the s&p at 20%. going back even more, the nasdaq has consistently outperformed the s&p 500 for the last 40 years, yet everyone recommends buying voo or some other s&p 500 etf over qqq or qqqm. i don’t understand the logic here. can someone explain what i’m missing?
got me a 2 shares of vti letsgoww!!
slow and steady really does work! 22m started exactly one year ago ! july 3 2023! although my total % gains is less than s&p 500 because i dca’d every two months thats why my average is abit high
21 year old starting investing hi everyone, this is my first portfolio, 70% vti and 30% vxus can there be any improvements such as increase my vti split and make it 80/20? or overall is it good long term, thanks.
10 top etfs which of these are in your portfolio?
starting late (32) trying to start aggressively saving. is this a good plan? i don’t have access to a 401k and don’t currently have any iras. i would like to be able to access my money when needed. is this a good plan for investing but also to remain in control of my money? using robinhood app (gold) i keep my uninvested money in the account at 5%
