today i made $1m gains by selling my entire nvidia portfolio today marks perhaps my greatest investing milestone of all time! the short story is i bought $36,000 worth of nvidia over the course of 8 years. last year i told myself once my account breaks $1m profit, i will sell the entire position, lock in the gains, and have a hell of a story to share for life. well today nvidia hit a new all time high and i made that dream come true. below is a long version of how it all came to be: i first acquired nvidia back in feb 2017 and in a few lump sum purchases wound up with a total of 6,500 shares of nvda. my first purchase was for 1080 (in honor of my gtx 1080 i bought that year) and the share price at the time was a whopping $2.77! my total investment around this time was $4000. edit: i looked up the actual purchase numbers and the number of shares was actually 27 at $110 but since nvidia had split multiple times, the number shown in my report today was reflecting those splits. end of edit back in 2017 all the talk was about crypto mining and i naively thought nvidia was the way bitcoin would be mined forever so i bought into the mantra “during a gold rush, buy the company selling the shovels”. this was around the time btc hit $20,000 for the first time but it quickly collapsed and i was introduced into the volatility of the crypto world. but i still held my nvidia because i believed crypto was still at an early adoption stage. over the next few years i continued to buy small amounts of nvidia, in chunks of 100 shares here, 900 shares here, and eventually had 6,000 shares by 2019. the average cost of all of these were around $2-$8 in today’s value. 2019 is a significant milestone for me because i made a major life decision to move to puerto rico. this move was made for several reasons but one consideration is the 0% tax on capital gains from stock sales. i didn’t consider nvidia being the one stock to move for but one reason for selling the whole lot was to lock in the 0% capital gains today i remember somewhere around 2019-2020 starting to think that gpus and nvidia specifically weren’t going to be tied to crypto as much as it would be the hardware needed to power self driving cars. the hype around tesla was growing and crypto mining started moving away from personal computers and i learned gpus were falling out of favor for more powerful asic mining rigs. so my mentality moved from crypto to electric vehicles. keep in mind, i really didn’t know a lot about any of this and i view my nvidia convictions at the time more as luck looking back. then in 2020 the pandemic hit and we saw major sales of gpus for gaming, virtual reality, and supply chain disruption and of course massive inflation. stocks across the board were super volatile but in general things went bonkers in the tech sector. tesla was killing it and nvidia might have doubled during this time. it still had not gone parabolic yet but i still just kept holding onto my initial position. my portfolio wasn’t really moving in any major way yet and in early 2019 i was actually slightly negative in my total nvidia investment. then in 2023 we saw the first mainstream use cases for ai started popping up. i’m in the photography and videography world so i noticed how disruptive image and video creation would be as soon as it hit. all my colleagues were making images in midjourney when the majority of my non photo friends had no clue what ai image generation even was. it ballooned quickly and that’s when my mind set changed a third time. now nvidia was going to be needed for data centers and personal computers to power this new ai revolution. it wasn’t about crypto or self driving cars anymore, it was about perhaps the biggest innovation humanity has seen since the internet was launched and the iphone was revealed. seemingly overnight my portfolio was sky rocking. where just a few years prior, nvidia was in the red for me, it quickly started carving out a large portion of my portfolio. once a liability, nvidia now made up 10%, 20%, and 30% of my entire investment account and retirement funds. there were days when i would log in to see i had made $100,000 that day and a week later it would swing down -$105,000. it was pretty crazy to see a full year’s worth of income bouncing around day by day in my account. the temptation to sell had always been there since 2017 when i was up 20-100% but now i was up 4,000% and the temptation was even greater. every single one of my friends was telling me i had to take profits off the table. i wound up holding. the last major purchase i made was in july 2021. i bought 400 shares for $14 which at the time was 3-5x what i had bought previously. jump to june 2024 when nvidia hit an all time high of $130. my wife and i had just had our first child and my nvidia position was hovering around $800,000 in total gains. i knew i only had to make it to $160 per share to break the $1m mark and i told myself i would sell everything if that happened. of course the next month nvidia corrected pretty hard and the reality of hitting $160 didn’t seem possible until july 3rd 2025, nearly a year after i made my original decision to sell. i should have sold everything on july 3rd but i didn’t realize the trading day was shortened for the 4th of july holiday coming up. i also didn’t setup any automated sell triggers since i wanted to ceremoniously do the trade myself. it worked out in my favor as i was able to sell today at $163 and make a little more than the $1m cutoff i originally set to sell at. here are the raw numbers: total invested: $36,352 total sale: $1,059,591 total gains: $1,023,238 average cost per share: $5.60 time to materialize: 8 years and a lot of emotional rollercoasters! i know a lot of people get caught up in fancy investment options that feels more like gambling but hopefully this success story inspires those of you who are like me and just what to buy shares, hold them, and eventually offload them when the time seems right.
breaking: trump beginning to taco. thank you for your attention to this matter. the s&p 500 falls 70+ points in seconds after president trump publishes tariff announcement about china. stocks slightly recovered after taco president trump says he has not cancelled his meeting with china's president xi and he "might still" have the meeting. just hours ago, president trump said he has "no reason" to meet with president xi. trump on china: - i'll probably meet with xi, but i don't know - out of the blue, they came up with these new export controls - i set the date for nov 1st, maybe things change by then
gdp forecast so bad the administration wants to make up different numbers seriously, i can't believe how fast and how far we're going off the rails. 6 weeks ago, atlanta fed had a q1 gdp growth forecast of 2.9%, last week it was revised down to a decline of 1.5%. apparently, that wasn't low enough as it's now been revised down to 2.8% decline. 6 weeks to swing from 2.9% growth to 2.8% contraction. that's a crazy level of slow down in the economy under this administration in such little time. it's such a bad economic forecast that the commerce department is wanting to hide the number by changing the way gdp is calculated. that's like north korea or russia just making up economic numbers. what in the world is happening here?? the us is losing its stability and integrity. capital will be allocated away from the usa if they go through with this.
us equities lost 90%-and took 25 years to recover. everyone is saying "dip dip dip" as if we are experiencing an overreaction to a small segment bubble. 95 years ago the us levied the smoot-hawley tariffs, worldwide tariffs that were designed to encourage domestic production and punish "cheating countries". this kicked off a trade war that had no small part in causing a world-wide depression. the us has not levied global tariffs of this degree since then. until yesterday. what happened to us equities? after a roaring bull run during which wealth was printed and the every-day man flung money in the market it crashed. but not overnight. in fits and starts the dji lost 90% of its value over a 3 year period. it took *25* years for it to return to an ath. trump has fired 10s of thousands of federal employees. he's spiking unemployment. he's taxing imports to the tune of 50-100%. other countries will do the same to us. our companies will start having mass layoffs, crushing economic activity and investment. domestic production will not return, everyone one will be out of money to buy stuff anyways. the sh tariffs did nothing to encourage domestic manufacturing, it just made everyone poorer. maybe our monetary policy will prevent a great depression and we escape with "only" 8-10 percent unemployment, mild stagflation and the market takes 3-5 years to recover after a 50% fall. i'd love to hear the thesis of *why* the market will recover or be higher in the next 12-24 months when we have a historical model staring us in the face.
breaking: fraud investigation into tesla continues, $43m in government rebate payments paused and company banned from all canadian ev rebate and grant programs for context, this comes after **four tesla dealerships claimed to have sold 8,653 teslas in 3 days.** assuming each dealership opens from 9am-5pm, that's **90 cars sold per hour per dealership**. tesla made these claims 3 days before canada's ev rebate program was set to shut down. source: [ \--- by marco chown oved from the star "canada has frozen $43 million in payments to tesla pending a line-by-line investigation into its last-minute surge in ev rebate claims made on the final weekend of the government program. the american ev maker run by u.s. presidential adviser elon musk will also be excluded from all future ev rebate programs as long as tariffs are in place, former transport minister chrystia freeland said in a statement. the stop-payment order appears to have been made before the current election was called sunday, though freeland only confirmed it tuesday, while on the campaign trail for her university—rosedale seat. “as soon as i became transport minister, i asked the department to stop all payments for tesla vehicles in order to fully examine each claim individually and determine whether all are eligible and valid. no payments will be made until we are confident that the claims are valid,” she said in a statement texted to the star. “i also directed my department to change the eligibility criteria for future izev programs to ensure that tesla vehicles will not be eligible for incentive programs so long as the illegitimate and illegal u.s. tariffs are imposed against canada.”" source: [
us senate passed bill by slim margin in a 51-48 vote to block trump's tariffs on imports from canada 4 republicans cross the floor to vote with democrats to pass a bill that would remove import tariffs on canadian goods. this still needs to pass the house (which has republican majority), and even if it passes the house, president can still veto. at which point it goes back to the senate and 2/3 need to vote to overturn the veto. low chance, but indication that dissent is happening within party lines given the economic downturn of tariff policy. interesting to see how many more house reps and senators break from party lines after today's "liberation" tariffs have time to impact markets and consumer prices [
canada retaliates with 25% tariffs on $155 billion in us imports as response to trump tariffs! trade war is on! canada is imposing it’s own 25 per cent tariffs on $155 billion worth of u.s. goods after u.s. president donald trump slapped canada with 25 per cent tariffs on all goods and 10 per cent tariffs on oil, natural gas and electricity. prime minister justin trudeau says the tariffs will take effect on $30 billion worth of goods starting tuesday with a further $125 billion worth of products being taxed 21 days later. trudeau elected to go ahead with retaliatory tariffs even though trump’s order includes a mechanism to escalate the rates if canada retaliates against the u.s. canada will also look at how to limit export of rare minerals to the us which are crucial for us tech companies. **tldr: trade war is on! stocks may take a hit and bond yields may spike (because of inflation fears) so position wisely!**
china just turned off u.s. supplies of minerals critical for defense & modern tech china just went nuclear and put strict export controls on seven of the medium and heavy rare earths (rees). "if dysprosium doesn’t come out of china, it doesn’t come out at all. it’s the spinal cord of electrification, and right now china’s holding the vertebrae." not being able to get your hands on critical materials could be devastating. rees are involved in far more modern tech than people realize (see article 1 below). china controls 90%+ of the global heavy rare earth mining and refining, and has a stranglehold on some (but not all) of the light and medium rare earths as well. as such, they absolutely holds the cards to the entire us trade war and everyone needs to watch closely how far they are willing to escalate. the below articles will bring you up to speed on just how critical these medium and heavy rare earths are. if tariffs are glorified saber rattling, this is a straight up shot just above the bow. [ [ what does this have to do with investing? there are a handful or so of ree projects in various stages that could be killer investments in the coming months or years. asm in australia, lem (of which i am invested) and scd in canada, as well as a few projects in north, central and south, america who's names escape me. the various greenland ree projects are also possible punts that might be good for a bubble play, but they have major hurdles to economic production, more so than the others imhop. most of the ree projects around the world have major hurdles but that's just where the industry is. either way, outside of investing in the ree space, these recent export controls could affects dozens of global industries that affect our everyday lives so watch this space particularly. i suspect the mainstream media won't give this the attention is deserves.
"there was no tariff 'exception' announced on friday." donald trump what the actual fuck? how is anyone supposed to do business under this administration? literally in under 3 days we went from exceptions announced for smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives and computer processors to having that pulled back because of one schizophrenic truthsocial post?
am i the only one who respects jerome powell a lot? seriously, think about what this guy has had to handle. he was at the helm of the federal reserve during *a global pandemic*, then navigated the economic fallout from the *ukraine war*, and now—while everyone seems to be playing politics—he’s standing firm against pressure, especially from trump, who clearly wants things done *his* way. powell might not be perfect, but he’s shown consistency, calm, and independence in a time when a lot of institutions have crumbled under political influence. the man’s trying to do what’s best for the economy, not just what’s best for one side or another. that takes guts. and in today’s climate, that's rare. so yeah, maybe i *am* one of the few who really respects jerome powell. but i’m good with that.
my portfolio has dropped from 61k to 38k in the last three months with 15k evaporated in one week love where we’re at. love everyone who voted for this guy. great plan great strategy. tariffs on all avocados because the us will just start growing its own avocados. turn the entire world against us. where do we go from here. if i sell, lose 23k if i hold on i’ll lose more. so what’s it gonna be. no more dollar cost averaging. what have you guys lost where are you looking for refuge? edit: i invested a good chunk in energy. believe nuclear is the future of energy (it is) but should’ve sold when trump was inaugurated. only down about 3k of my principle, the rest were gains wiped
trump announces chip tariffs up to 100% > u.s. president donald trump has announced his intent to impose import tariffs as high as 100% on computer chips and semiconductors. in a speech at the house gop issues conference in miami on monday, he also suggested he would remove joe biden’s program of paying subsidies to chip makers like intel or tsmc to build fabrication plants in the u.s. does this mean puts on spy?
trump to announce new 20% tariffs this week on every single us trading partner, not just the initial group of 10-15 countries prev. stated what industries will this impact the most? previous tariffs announcements have been easy to understand what industries it will impact (for example auto tariffs, wine tariffs, etc.). what would a sweeping 20% tariff on virtually every single us trading partner mean for investing? will it lead to lower consumer demand in an already weak us consumer? will it lead to higher profits for us based companies? don't most us companies manufacturer outside of the us, so their operating costs/cogs will increase? **is anyone still buying sp500 etfs, or have people begun to sell? not sure what to do with my portfolio, or if i should dollar cost average buy vs. sell. if anyone can share how they are navigating this uncertainty - leaving the market completely or riding it out.** \--- sources [ [
breaking: trump places 100% tariff on china starting nov 1st the s&p 500 falls 70+ points in seconds after president trump publishes the below paragraph about china. donald j. trump truth social post 04:50 pm est 10/10/25 it has just been learned that china has taken an extraordinarily aggressive position on trade in sending an extremely hostile letter to the world, stating that they were going to, effective november 1st, 2025, impose large scale export controls on virtually every product they make, and some not even made by them. this affects all countries, without exception, and was obviously a plan devised by them years ago. it is absolutely unheard of in international trade, and a moral disgrace in dealing with other nations. based on the fact that china has taken this unprecedented position, and speaking only for the u.s.a., and not other nations who were similarly threatened, starting november 1st, 2025 (or sooner, depending on any further actions or changes taken by china), the united states of america will impose a tariff of 100% on china, over and above any tariff that they are currently paying. also on november 1st, we will impose export controls on any and all critical software. it is impossible to believe that china would have taken such an action, but they have, and the rest is history. thank you for your attention to this matter! donald j. trump president of the united states of america
my 54 year old dad has 0$ invested for retirement yeah, so my dad drives for uber full time. he did a great job saving for college for me and my brother, but he has little savings for his retirement and no investments. should i have him open a roth ira and advise him to invest aggressively in the s&p 500? i don't want him to keep working for the rest of his life. any advice would be greatly appreciated. edit: should've mentioned i'm 18 and my brother is 16. currently working my ass off in college. my goal is to get a good job to support myself and my father. either way, i'm going to make sure he retires. i just want to get him started until i start having my own income. edit 2: alot of helpful advice and i just want to say thank you. another point to mention is that my dad wants to retire in egypt, which explains why he’s so not worried about retirement savings. he can live very comfortably off of $1-2k a month there. i’ll be working my ass off to make sure me, my future children, and my father and mother can live a comfortable life. thanks once again! edit 3: fuck you twitter
ok so, the dollar is dying, stocks are overvalued, crypto is already gigapumped, europe is dead, you can't trust chinese assets, gold is already up massive what do we buy rn? the dollar is experiencing a decline, largely due to the strain of u.s. debt, deficits, and geopolitical tensions on long-term confidence. holding onto cash currently feels like a gradual loss. meanwhile, equities seem overpriced, with s&p forward p/es in the high 20s, reflecting an overly optimistic market outlook. the cryptocurrency market has already seen significant growth, with a 5-10x increase from its lows. europe's economy appears structurally weak, hindered by demographic challenges, energy dependence, and political fragmentation. furthermore, china's assets are untrustworthy due to unreliable data and a lack of shareholder protection.
trump fires head of bls, attacks numbers the wsj reports: trump orders firing of statistics chief after weak jobs data president trump directed his team to fire the top bureau of labor statistics official as a soft jobs report weighed on markets along with trump’s revamped tariff plan. trump in a social media post said erika mcentarfer, the bls commissioner, would be “replaced with someone much more competent and qualified,” asserting without evidence that the government’s jobs numbers have been manipulated for political purposes.
how is bitcoin not just a glorified ponzi scheme? genuinely asking, not here to troll. bitcoin has been popular for 15 years, but it still doesn’t seem to have a mainstream, everyday use. you can’t just walk into most stores and buy groceries or gas with it. yet, every time it surges, people start calling it "the future of finance," but that future never really happens. i keep hearing about institutional money coming in, but if it’s mostly hedge funds and whales pushing the price up, how does that make it a real currency? if regular people are just there to provide liquidity for the big dogs, how is this different from a glorified pump-and-dump? don't get me wrong i'm a bitcoin fan and have been buying and selling it for years now. but i cringe everytime i hear “it’s digital gold”.. gold has a use beyond its speculative value. it can be made into jewelry, art.. people want to have it because its a ‘real’ thing you can hold in your hands! bitcoin's only real use is making anonymous transactions that regular humans don't usually need to make. am i missing something here, or is bitcoin actually just a bigger fool scheme? edit: when you ask the trading ai everyone on tiktok uses ([this one]( it basically says bitcoin isn’t a ponzi because there’s no central scammer, no guaranteed payouts, and it still functions even when prices crash. it’s more like a scarce digital asset that people trade, kind of like gold but way more volatile. but that still doesn’t really answer why it hasn’t become a real mainstream currency. feels like people just trade it hoping someone else will pay more later.
us loses its last aaa credit rating with downgrade by moody’s moody’s had the us on negative outlook for a while. s&p has maintained a aa rating for several years. does anyone consider this a catalyst for reducing us risk? have seen a lot of posts discussing investing in non-us companies recently. wondering if this news accelerates a shift out of us assets with investors preferring more international exposure.
tesla reports 20% q1 drop in auto revenue brutal numbers from tesla after the bell. as we all know, their stock performance is often decoupled from results. little movement in futures so far, but curious how it’ll move tomorrow. total revenue slid 9% from $21.3 billion a year earlier. automotive revenue dropped 20% to $14 billion from $17.4 billion in the same period last year. tesla said one reason for the decline was the need to update lines at its four vehicle factories to start making a refreshed version of its popular model y suv. the company also pointed to lower average selling prices and sales incentives as a drag on revenue and profit. net income plummeted 71% to $409 million, or 12 cents a share, from $1.39 billion or 41 cents a year ago. ... the company refrained from promising growth this year and said it will “revisit our 2025 guidance in our q2 update.” eta: it’s now up a staggering 3% after delivering that terrible news - they must be into the vaporware portion of the call.
4 republican senators break from party to pass new democrat resolution to reverse us tariffs on canada - decision to happen today **edit:** posts mentioning how trump's economic policies impact, well... the economy and stocks, are being mass removed from r-stocks due to "no stocks being mentioned". i posted the exact same post i did here, there, and outlined both stock names and tickers. seems like r-stocks mods, don't like hearing about how economy and business is down on the candidate they voted for... \-- **what stocks this news impacts** the **stocks and tickers** that are impacted by this by **economic policy** news are the following: canadian etfs (**xic, ewc**) and canadian companies that would benefit from a tariff reversal (**ntr, mg**) **these stocks are expected to be impacted because was reported 2 hours ago that there's enough republicans that have crossed the floor to work with dems on a tariff removal resolution (just for canada, not for the liberation day international tariffs)** \- democrat senator tim kaine has launched a resolution in the us senate to reverse tariffs on canadian imports to the us. it's co-sponsored by senators amy klobuchar and rand paul. \- to pass all democrat senators need to support it, with support from 4 republican senators. mitch mcconnell, lisa murkowski, and susan collins have voiced concerns with tariffs and are expected to support the resolution which would help it pass. decision was expected either yesterday or today. **note** \- this is not a political post, it makes no comment of if tariffs are good or bad, or if one party is better than the other. \- the only thing this talks about is a new devolpment that enough senators across both parties may pass an economic policy reversal \- this was first reported 2 hours ago, and was not previously posted \- it is relevant to stocks and investing, as the economic outlook for many us/canada listed stocks will change if tariffs are removed. **source** [ [ [
trump to open 401k accounts to private market [source]( president donald trump is weighing an executive order which would allow 401k funds to make private-market investments in a huge shakeup to retirement packages. trump is expected to announce the new policy soon, but precise details are being kept tightly under wraps and are still subject to change, the [wall street journal]( reported. the executive order is expected to instruct the labor department to begin working with the securities and exchange commission on guidance for employers and plan administrators. it would represent a huge victory for the private equity industry, which has long been lobbying to gain access to workers' 401k plans, which currently is worth about $12.5 trillion. these portfolios have long been primarily comprised of stocks and bonds, largely because they carry less risk than other forms of investment. private markets would give accountholders greater opportunity for growth and long-term rewards, allowing investors to capitalize on private equity, venture capital, real estate and hedge funds which aren't on public exchanges.
my 401k hit $500k yesterday i'm 41 years old. just wanted to share this milestone here cause i don't really talk about money with anyone irl and my wife doesn't care lol. my 401k had 286k in sept 2023 and i have been contributing the max ever since. i just have it invested in the vtsax equivalent. i can't believe it has almost doubled in just two years. i mostly contributed up to the company match starting in 2006. i think i had around 10-12k during the 2008 recession. by 2011 i had around 40-45k. then i was unemployed/student from 2011-2014 so i missed some bullish years. went back to work in late 2014 and contributed to the company match again. i maxed it out between 2017-2021. i think in 2019 i had around 90-100k. in 2022 i went back to just the company match cause i had another kid (that would have been the best time to max), then maxed it out again in 2023. so for you young people out there, contribute as much as you can and it will grow faster than you can imagine.
i talked with a chinese factory owner to see what’s happening on the ground. tl;dr: china has mobilized tons of resources to exporters but there’s some signs of pain i’m an american in china but have been seeing very little foreign reporting about what’s happening in china, which is weird to me because it seems pretty important to get a clear picture of the trade war. so here’s what i learned from him. **gov support** -the local government is helping and giving him low interest rate loans / short term financial support. this type of thing is very common throughout china right now - lots of local govs are mobilizing to support exporters thru the tariff war. li qiang, central gov minister, says central government help is probably coming too -guangzhou, and i assume others too, has also organized tons of seminars since liberation day with buyers from europe, latin america, and asia. a big source of replacement demand for his factory has been from these -he’s getting lots of buyers from tiktok shops overseas. it seems like tiktok is helping a lot to mitigate the demand impact -the news story of walmart, target, costco, etc. resuming some orders is true, he confirmed it. but the amounts are **very, very** small **pain** -he’s already re-evaluating employees and firing some soon. he said most exporters in guangzhou are cutting some employees, but extremely us dependent exporters have furloughed most of their workforces until mid may **some good news for the u.s?** -before liberation day he was building a factory in the us and has now fully committed to it. but it’s having issues since the raw materials are sourced from china and they’re getting hit with tariffs [the full interview is here]( i didn’t write everything here. knowing the relative strength and ability of china or the us to withstand the tariff war is super important to trading right now i believe
feeling the heat today. my portfolio is down 26% since don took office. anyone else feeling it? been up for the last 4 years, and to drop 26% in a few short weeks is hitting hard. i'm ready to have my 4 years of growth deteriorate completely over the next 4 years. anyone else feeling it? what the plan overall? other than double down and dca through the bear market? am not revealing my exact portfolio guys chill
china’s rare earth restrictions are 10x more impactful than the tariffs, are people not realizing this? the rare earth restrictions china just instituted are quite possibly catastrophic in short time supply chains for all tech, computing, ev, defense, medical imaging, telecom, displays, etc. these products do not have any available alternatives in the short term that would even come close to requisite demand. if this is a long term strategic move by china, it is going to massive supply shortages and cost increases. a display monitor that now costs $500 may well be $1500 by same time next year. people focusing on the tariffs over this policy shift is blowing my mind honestly.
the u.s. is going broke slowly [ "the question i am asked most frequently by investors and financial advisors is when is the federal debt going to blow up in all of our faces. my usual answer is that, while **we** ***are*** **going broke**, we are going broke *slowly"* "that being said, there is a danger that political choices lead to a faster deterioration in the federal finances, leading to a backup in long-term interest rates and a lower dollar. based on current allocations and valuations alone, m**any investors should likely consider diversifying their portfolios by adding alternative assets and international stocks.**" to all the people who found my post, on the u.s. economy being dependant on a.i. and not being worth it investing the other day, to be funny :\]
if you can't stomach a 4% market drop then you really need to adjust your investing strategy it seems that everyone has become so accustomed to massive yearly gains in the stock market. if you're thinking about selling your investments after a minor drop in the market, then you really need to adjust your strategy. maybe consider a money market fund or speaking to a financial advisor. everyone seems to have forgotten the risk that comes with investing. we have seen gains in the last few years that are unlikely to be repeated in the near future. there have been past periods where the market has been down over a significant number of years. if you have time on your side and are diversified in index/mutual funds then you need to stay the course. if you have all of your money in a few individual tech stocks then you need to restrategize or stop complaining when you lose a significant amount of money. if you are a new investor, it can be easy to get discouraged in these type of scenarios but as the market goes down, your future purchases will be at a lower price. nothing is ever guaranteed and nothing goes up in a straight line.
us hits $38 trillion in debt, after the fastest accumulation of $1 trillion outside of the pandemic where are we going with this economy...is the market going to crash? 1. unemployment is rising with negative job growth 2. we are in the second-longest government shutdown 3. inflation is so high and increasing 4. trade wars and tariffs have created so much uncertainty that projects are getting canceled or are not ready to take on any new initiatives. ai is booming, but i am still not sure how and where it is helping to make money. as a common man, i use chatgpt or other ai tools for free, and now i am so confused about which one to use, as there are so many. inequality between the rich and the poor is getting worse; this is going to impact us economy. global growth is slowing due to uncertainty as well, which might have an impact on the us economy
most predictable drop of all time i posted here right after the first crash in february “don’t buy the dip, this is more 1929 vibes than 2001.” in response i got almost 100 replies telling me not to time the market, before it got removed by mods for being a “question” (it was not). literally all trump is doing is exactly what he promised on the campaign. and virtually every economist knew it would cause a recession. even after the crash yesterday he doubled down, saying he might add tariffs on semiconductors and pharmaceuticals too. he is simply trying to remove us from global markets, and it’s working! buy the dip once people start actually pushing back against trump - no real reason to buy before that point.
warren buffett will no longer write annual letter, speak at berkshire hathaway shareholder meeting warren buffett is "going quiet." in a letter to berkshire hathaway ([brk-b]( [brk-a]( [shareholders published on monday]( the outgoing ceo announced that he would no longer write an annual letter or speak at the company's annual meeting. buffett's letter to berkshire shareholders, [published in february]( was his 60th edition. at berkshire's annual meeting in may, buffett ended the meeting by announcing his recommendation that the company's board support vice chair greg abel as his successor. the board [voted two days later]( in line with buffett's recommendation, and abel is set to take the reins as ceo on jan. 1, 2026. "i will no longer be writing berkshire’s annual report or talking endlessly at the annual meeting," buffett wrote on monday. "[as the british would say, i’m 'going quiet.'](
court strikes down trump's tariffs, ruling them illegal a federal court on wednesday froze many of the large-scale tariffs imposed by president trump on virtually every foreign nation, ruling the levies exceed the president's legal authority. the ruling — issued by a panel of judges on the u.s. court of international trade — halted the sweeping 10% tariffs mr. trump assessed on virtually every u.s. trading partner on "liberation day" last month, with higher tariffs threatened for dozens of countries. the court also blocked a separate set of tariffs imposed on china, mexico and canada by the trump administration, which has cited drug trafficking and illegal immigration as its reasoning for the hikes.
us tourism officials sound alarm, tourist flights to us sink 70% and could impact up to 140k hospitality jobs and $14b in economic spending here is my way of trying to find alpha in an erratic stock market - how i'm trading the us tourism dip. **1. canada is the us's largest source of tourism**: in 2024, 20 million canadian tourists visited the us, spent $20.5 billion, and supported 140,000 us jobs. canada's population is 40 million, so 50% of the entire country visited, and the us had 77 million tourists so 1 country is contributing 26% of visits. **2. recent us policies is leading to a tourism boycott from canadians, and the rest of the world**: tourists are boycotting us tourism due to tariffs, annexation threats, new travel barriers, and stories of visitors being unlawfully detained with no due process (in march a canadian citizen was denied entry due to an expired visa, while this was a worker and not a tourist, instead of being allowed to return to canada, as is the norm, she was shackled in chains and sent to a private ice facility for 2 weeks without being able to contact a lawyer or get a bed). **3. analysts previously predicted policies would decrease tourism by 5%, new numbers released this week show that it's 14x higher:** for canada alone (26% of us's entire tourism industry with 20 million visitors) - airline travel is **down** **70%**, land travel is **down** **45%**, and **85%+** of tourists survey say they cancelled their us trips. **4. here's how i'm planning on using this information to make stock trades into specific companies both long and short:** i'm shorting airlines that have high exposure to can-us routes (it's been reported that airlines are slashing these routes due to 0 demand, and they is no clear way they can cover this revenue gap with a lower utilized fleet). i'm shorting select hospitality chains (hotels, restaurants) with high exposure/retail foot print in us states that border canada like niagara falls. the us travel association says that even just a 10% dip in tourists will lead to $2 billion in economic losses and 140,000 jobs at risk (assuming 70% decrease from air travel happens across the board, that's $14b), i expect hospitality to have lower revenues. i'm shorting all non-essential or higher price retailers with a big footprint in hostility states, all these workers being laid off by lack of tourism + the fed job cuts won't have as much to spend (not my specific trade, but an example would be short target, long dollar general). i'm long, and buying, non-american/europe hotel chains and travel booking platforms that get most of their revenue outside the us, as i expect canadian and international tourists to concentrate their spend to europe/asia/oceania travel this summer. **edit 5. how do the european/international figures play?** it's important to note that the canadian tourism numbers dipped after the policies that happened in point 2. and we're seeing what those numbers are a few months later now. the us admin is rolling out these policies across the board tomorrow during "liberation day". the point here is that we won't see the true vector of an internal tourism boycott both in terms of magnitude and direction until the policies that were enacted on canada are enacted globally, and consumers have time to adjust behaviour. but if the canadian consumer is any indication, i have more conviction in my trades. **a glimpse into this being a trend is a french travel company reporting to bloomberg their europe to us travel bookings are down 25%.** **edit 6. example of the airline play** yes i know us airlines are already down a lot. rode that wave and exited my shorts. now i'm shorting air canada and onex (parent company of westjet), since they have much more exposure to us-can routes, and are cutting routes dramatically with no increase in capacity elsewhere also looking to short airline maitence companies, the food suppliers specific to flight food, and fuel refineries/storage those two airlines use, and retail stores with large exposure to airports that only see us/canada travel. but going long on regional air craft hangers since their smaller fleets are used the most for us/canada travel, while their bigger fleets will still be active for the europe/asia flight routes that havn't seen impact on demand. would like to hear what everyone thinks about this trade play. thanks! **source for numbers used** * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [ * [
the gap between the rich and poor just widened substantially we’ve just witnessed the most blatant market manipulation in the history of the united states. the gap between the rich and poor just widened substantially. “trump told people to buy. hours later, his tariff pause sent markets soaring. trump’s post before his announcement has democrats accusing him of a “market manipulation scheme.””
recent 13f filing of scion shows michael burry, of ‘the big short’ fame, has just shorted palantir ($912 mil) and nvidia ($186.5 mil). the recent 13f filing of scion shows michael burry, of ‘the big short’ fame, has just shorted palantir ($912 mil) and nvidia ($186.5 mil). this could and probably means nothing, as he’s been wrong plenty. but, it’s still a nice reminder to keep some dry powder for future opportunities, especially in such a frothy market.
china retaliates with 34% tariffs on all us products at the time of writing this dow futures are losing 1400 points. apple is down another 4.77% pre-market to $194, as it has 90% of iphones assembled in china. s&p 500 futures are down 3.5% and nasdaq 100 futures down 4%. us 10 yr at 3.905%. vix volatility index spikes to 42.82, highest level since covid it is going to be an interesting day.
psa: 30% loss means the stock needs to go up by 43% to return this should be a basic no-brainer but everytime you see a stock go down 5% at the current price level. if it increases back by 5% it doesn't go back to its old price. to illustrate. 10% loss needs 11% gain to return. 20% needs 25%. 30% needs 43%. 40% needs 67%. 50% needs 100%. at 90% drop your stock will need to go up by 900% to return to its old price. right now you're seeing nasdaq dropping double digits and futures are down mid singles almost everyday. the power of compounding works both ways.
sp500 sinks 4% after trump's liberation day tariffs, china vows to retaliate on trump's 54% tariffs, stoking investor fears of a global trade war and recession it's been noted that the us retaliatory tariffs are not based on other country's tariffs, but rather the import/export trade deficit that the us has with said countries sp500 is down 4% with consumer tech (apple), apparel and clothing (nike and lululemon), and retail (dollar general and walmart) that source many products and parts from china down / hit the hardest china and other countries are vowing to retaliate with their own tariffs against the us sparking fears of a global trade war and recession. noting the last time the us enacted sweeping tariffs through the smoot-harwley tariff act (which had lower average tariff amounts than those announced yesterday), it lead to a global trade war, reducing imports/exports, failed to bring back manufacturing jobs to the us, and caused the great depression. will history repeat itself? [ [
wyze labs, a seattle-based smart home company, received a startling tariff bill: $255,000 on a $167,000 shipment of floodlights imported from china. this is what's to come for a lot of companies. right now they are buffered by stocks they built up before the tariffs, once those run out this is their new reality. how can any company survive this?
unpopular opinion but i don't think the ai bubble is anything like the dot com bubble i keep seeing this comparasion on reddit, but i believe it'swrong to compare the two and expect a crash as big as the one in 2000. the big difference is that the companies today actually make money. microsoft, google, nvidia, meta they all have real products, billions in profits, and millions of users. think of google maps, youtube, windows, office, android, instagram etc. these are all solid products with billions in profits and massive user bases. can you replace them? no. will they go away anytime soon? also no. even if the ai trend slows down, these companies still have strong foundations and cash flow from their non-ai products. during the dot com bubble, most companies had no profits and were running on hype alone. not to mention how technology wasn’t even a big part of people’s lives back then. most people were just getting online for the first time, and the internet was still something new and weird, used mostly by nerds. sure, valuations are high and there’s some overexcitement, but that doesn’t mean the market is heading for a total meltdown. a correction? probably. a repeat of 2000? highly unlikely.
remembering stock market crash of 2022 it’s easy to forget how short the market’s memory is. still remember the last few months of 2022. the s&p 500 was down nearly 25%, the nasdaq had crashed over 35%, and inflation was out of control. the fed was hiking rates aggressively, and it felt like a deep recession was inevitable. goldman sachs or jp morgan (don't remember which) predicted the s&p 500 would go all the way to 3,000. michael burry suggested an even bigger collapse taking s&p500 back to 1800. most investors were convinced this was just the beginning of more pain. even then people talked about stagflation and going into the lost decade. meta, in particular, was the poster child of despair. down 75%, from $380 to $88. people genuinely thought it would never recover. the ad market was dying. reels weren’t making money. zuckerberg was "burning billions" on the metaverse. investors wanted him to shut it all down. it wasn’t just meta. amazon reported its first unprofitable year after a long time. google’s ad revenue shrank. microsoft’s growth slowed. tesla was down to $113 at its lowest. institutions were slashing price targets left and right. investors were selling at the lows, convinced things would only get worse. and then... the market did what it always does. slowly, things started improving. companies adapted. earnings stabilized. the panic faded. by mid-2023, inflation was cooling. the fed hinted at pausing rate hikes. meta posted a solid earnings report. then came $40 billion in stock buybacks. the stock doubled. then doubled again. amazon recovered. nvidia went on a historic run. the nasdaq had its best year in two decades in 2023. by early 2024, meta, nvidia, and microsoft were hitting all-time highs to reach even higher by end of 2024. two years of record gains. when markets are crashing, it feels like they’ll never go up again. when they’re at all-time highs, it feels like they’ll never go down. neither is true. so investors, it's going to be fine. just be calm and hold tight. and if you can, keep buying.
u.s. beef prices reach record highs as cattle industry struggles to keep costs down the average cost of one pound of ground beef reached a record-high of $5.80 in april, according to numbers from the bureau of labor statistics. that is up nearly 50% from five years ago. "we are very, very conscious of how high the prices are in the meat case," said rancher stephen kirkland, owner of the z bar cattle company. kirkland said he has been trying to absorb the price increases at the two butcher shops he owns near fort worth, texas. kirkland says that a year ago, he could buy cattle for about $1,500 per steer. now, he says the price has risen to nearly $2,400. "$2,400 for one steer going into the feed yard, and then feed and everything else, transportation, everything else that gets involved in that," kirkland said of the cost. raising those steers also comes at a higher cost, with prices going up for feed, land and financing.
u.s. stocks see biggest 2-day wipeout in history as market loses $11 trillion since inauguration day i didn’t know it was this bad. we get best ever and most evers all the time. inflation tends to make that possible. some black monday in 1805 might have lost $700 and 3 donkeys and it stands as some colossal reversal of fortune. but we’ve posted a lot of the record breaking on the positive side. or at least i have. only fair we show this. > roughly $11.1 trillion has been wiped away from the u.s. stock market since jan. 17, the friday before president donald trump took the oath of office and began his second term, according to data from dow jones market data. > some $6.6 trillion of that figure was lost on thursday and friday alone — the largest two-day wipeout of shareholder value on record, dow jones data showed. > by the time the market closed on friday, the s&p 500 had surpassed its losses from the first 75 days of george w. bush’s first term in office — the last time stocks saw comparable declines during the early days of a new administration. the small-cap-focused russell 2000 has seen its rockiest start to a new administration on record, factset data showed. can’t believe we’d be looking back with rosy eyes toward george w. the article is especially concerned where we enter a trade war(s) and “don’t back down.” i don’t think anyone anticipated how bad this would get and how fast. but the market can change on a dime. provided there is a letup on pressure. but how the hell are businesses supposed to plan and build out? everyone is sitting on cash because they don’t know if they’ll need it just to stay afloat. and this administration seems incapable of admitting mistake. they got plenty of experts to blame if they want scapegoats. i just don’t know they’ll reverse course. if they do, will it be fast enough to matter?
markets are overreacting to deepseek the markets are overreacting to the deepseek news. nvidia and big tech stocks losing a trillion dollars in value is not realistic. i personally am buying more nvda stock off the dip. so what is going on? the reason for the drop: investors think deepseek threatens to disrupt the us big tech dominance by enabling smaller companies and cost-sensitive enterprises with an open source and low cost, high performance model. here is why i think fears are overblown. 1. companies like nvidia, microsoft, and other big tech firms have massive war chests to outspend competitors. nvidia alone spent nearly $9 billion on r&d in 2024 and can quickly adapt to new threats by enhancing its offerings or lowering costs if necessary. 2. nvidia’s dominance isn’t just about hardware—it’s deeply tied to its software ecosystem, particularly cuda, which is the gold standard for ai and machine learning development. this ecosystem is entrenched in research labs, enterprises, and cloud platforms worldwide. 3. people have to understand the risk that comes with deepseek coming out of china. there will be major adoption barriers from key markets as folks worry about data security, sanctions, government overreach etc. 4. us just announced $500b to ai infrastructure via stargate. the government has substantial resourcing to subsidize or lower barriers for brands like nvidia. critiques tend to fall into two camps... 1. nvidias margins are going to be eroded to this i think we have to acknowledge that while lower margins and demand would impact the stock both of these are speculative. increased efficiency typically increases demand. and nvidias customers are pretty entrenched, it’s def not certain they will bleed customers. on top of that nvidia’s profitability isn’t solely tied to selling gpus. its software stack (e.g., cuda), enterprise services, and licensing deals contribute significantly. these high-margin revenue streams i would guess are going to remain solid even if hardware pricing pressures increase. 2. open source has a number of relative advantages i think open source is heavily favorited by startups and indie developers (open source is strongly favored by reddit specifically). but the enterprise buyer doesn’t typically lean this way. open-source solutions require significant internal expertise for implementation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. large enterprises often prefer nvidia’s support and commercial-grade stack because they get a dedicated team for ongoing updates, security patches, and scalability.
trump orders creation of us sovereign wealth fund, says it could buy tiktok any thoughts as to what would be the impact of such a sovereign fund on the broader market? especially if the fund is going to compete with the private companies it terms of acquisitions. seems like the opposite of small government. [
i joined a stock investment scam group to see how it worked. i am going through specifics of the scam because i know there are people that won't believe they're being scammed unless their scenario matches exactly and entirely. here's the process 1. they advertise their scam group on a platform like instagram, pretending to be another app. when you click on it, it asks you to message a whatsapp number. 2. there are 2 "important" people. one is the mentor and one is the advisor. the advisor always direct messages you, and the mentor speaks ai summaries of stock events in the group chat. 3. the group chat is filled with ai bots messaging around. it's to add legitimacy. 4. they will suggest you stocks. after you buy them, the advisor will ask you to provide screenshots. q: why do they ask you for screenshots? a: it's to make you accustomed to the process. they don't need screenshots of the transactions for their normal stock suggestions. it's useless for them. edit: following a comment - it's not exactly useless, it also lets them know how much you have and are willing to invest to see if you're worth their time. the only time they need it is when they finally advertise their pump and dump scam stock. they require the screenshots of the transactions so they can figure out how much money they scammed out of you to get a cut. 5. after 2 months regular stock recommendations. they will advertise and hype up their scam stock, promising 150% gains. they want you to put as much as possible. just to add on, they don't specify the stock ticker until the last day (dec 8). they advertise the releasement of the stock ticker, not the stock itself. 6. [chow stock - google search]( this was the specific scam stock recommended yesterday. it went up by 20% before dropping 85% today (dec 10th). it's honestly impressive. 7. i've been too lazy to photoshop/html edit the transactions, so they're trying everything in their power to get me to send the evidence. including calling me 15 times yesterday and promising a 80% cash back on the imaginary losses. (i told them i invested 100k)
trump says company should only report earnings every 6 months "subject to sec approval, companies and corporations should no longer be forced to “report” on a quarterly basis (quarterly reporting!), but rather to report on a “six (6) month basis.” this will save money, and allow managers to focus on properly running their companies. did you ever hear the statement that, “china has a 50 to 100 year view on management of a company, whereas we run our companies on a quarterly basis???” not good!!!" what do ya'll make of this? i can't see any reason for him to be supporting this unless he expects the market to crash and wants more lead time ahead of it.
nasdaq headed for worst week since 'liberation day' [ at least mike burry is going to be able to get another "big short" book and movie out of this, right? the nasdaq did get overheated and did need to correct. the government being shut down also made sure that this happened. your government giving it to the american people like back in april. hopefully, the correction will complete and things will moderate.
michael burry calls out tesla stating they are "ridiculously overvalued" “big short” investor michael burry criticized tesla in his latest substack newsletter, calling the electric-vehicle maker “ridiculously overvalued” and pointing to years of shareholder dilution as a central concern. burry argued that tesla’s valuation remains disconnected from its fundamentals and highlighted that the company continues to expand its share count with no buyback program in place to offset the effect on existing shareholders. burry cited tesla’s sec filings showing that the company’s diluted share count has grown at an annual pace of roughly 3.5–3.7% over the past several years, driven primarily by stock-based compensation and past equity raises. tesla’s outstanding shares have risen from approximately 1.0 billion in early 2020 to more than 3.4 billion today on a split-adjusted basis following the company’s 5-for-1 stock split in 2020 and 3-for-1 split in 2022, both of which increased the total number of shares available to the market. he noted that tesla issued multiple major equity offerings during the 2020–2021 period, including two $5 billion at-the-market (atm) raises in september and december 2020, followed by additional tranches in 2021 totaling roughly $12 billion in new equity issuance. these capital raises contributed significantly to the expansion of the company’s float and remain a key driver of long-term dilution. burry also referenced tesla’s most recent quarterly filings, which reported over $1.7 billion in stock-based compensation (sbc) expense year-to-date, resulting in a continual increase in the weighted-average share count used for earnings calculations. tesla continues to rely heavily on sbc as part of its employee and executive compensation structure, including multi-year, performance-based awards. tesla has no active share-buyback program, and ceo elon musk has previously stated that repurchases would only be considered once the company achieves more predictable and sustained free-cash-flow levels. burry argued that the absence of buybacks means shareholders absorb the full impact of ongoing dilution, particularly as the company issues new shares to employees and through equity-linked programs.
us stocks are breaking records. the rest of the world is doing better while the s&p 500 and other u.s. indices are setting record highs, the rest of the world is quietly doing even better. according to the latest data: - the msci acwi ex usa (tracking developed + emerging markets outside the u.s.) is up 26% in 2025 so far. - south korea’s kospi +64%, japan’s nikkei +24%, germany’s dax +22%. the s&p 500 is only up 15% this year. are you shifting some allocation outside the u.s. because of this? why or why not? given how much the u.s. market depends on big tech/ai, are you worried about a “tech concentration risk”? or do you believe the u.s. still holds the structural advantage?
my 48 year old mom has maybe 15k saved for retirement so my mom works as a substitute teacher and has been doing it for about 10 years now. she's great with money day to day and helped pay for my sister's wedding last year, but when i asked about her retirement plans she just said "i'll figure it out when i get there." she has maybe 15k in a savings account earning like 0.5% interest and that's literally it. no 401k, no ira, nothing. should i help her set up a roth ira and maybe get her into some index funds? i'm worried she's going to have to work until she's 80 at this rate. any suggestions would be awesome. edit: should mention i'm 23 and my sister is 25. we're both just starting our careers but we want to help however we can. my goal is to get her thinking about this stuff before it's too late. edit 2: thanks for all the advice! just to clarify my mom is super independent and doesn't like asking for help with money stuff. she grew up pretty poor so i think she's just happy to have any savings at all. but i know she deserves to actually retire someday.
the sudden push to "democratize" private equity isn't about helping you, it’s about finding exit liquidity i’ve been seeing a massive uptick in ads and articles lately pitching private equity and private credit to everyday retail investors. the narrative is always the same: the brokers claim they want to give us access to the same high returns that endowments and the ultra-wealthy have enjoyed for years. but i’ve been digging into the market data and i’m convinced this is fishy as fuck. it looks a lot less like an opportunity for us and a lot more like a desperate need for exit liquidity for the big players. institutional investors like pension funds and endowments are currently "over-allocated" to private markets. because public stocks took a hit or stayed flat over the last couple of years while private valuations didn't mark down as fast, their portfolios are out of balance. they are effectively tapped out. they can't put more money in, and more importantly, they are screaming for cash distributions. they want their money back, but vcs and pe firms are struggling to give it to them because the ipo market is tepid and m&a is slow. this is where the retail investor comes in. since the "smart money" is tapped out, wall street needs a new ocean of capital to keep the machine running. they need someone to buy the assets that the older funds need to sell. you can see this clearly in the ai sector. we all know valuations for ai startups like openai are completely disconnected from reality, often trading at over 100 times revenue with little to no profit. hedge funds and vcs who bought in during the 2021 hype or the recent ai boom are sitting on massive paper gains, but they having the problem, that if they would try to ipo these companies right now, the public markets might reject those valuations, forcing a "down round" that crushes their returns and makes them lose a shit ton of money. the solution is to avoid the public market entirely. instead, they move these assets into "continuation funds" or sell them on the secondary market. and who is financing this? it’s retail capital. they are effectively moving assets from the pockets of savvy institutional investors who want out into the pockets of retail investors who are just getting in. the most dangerous part is how they structure it. they sell these as "semi-liquid" funds, but the liquidity is an illusion. these funds have "gates," meaning that if everyone panics and tries to sell at once, like in a recession, they simply lock the door. we saw this with blackstone’s real estate fund recently. so you basically become the bag holder for assets that are too expensive for the public market to touch. just know that when you hear about the "democratization of finance" be very careful. “democratization” usually happens right at the end of a cycle when the insiders need someone to sell to, true to the motto: privatize earnings, socialize losses.
a 'very rapid' drop in domestic demand is hitting airlines southwest, american and alaska were the latest airlines to express caution about the rest of the year amid flagging demand for domestic flights. southwest airlines (luv) ceo bob jordan said thursday the drop-off in business detected in february was one the most pronounced he has seen. “that is a very rapid fall-off," he said on cnbc. "it’s probably the most that i have seen absent covid." the carrier believes economic unease, rather than southwest's plans to charge baggage fees or assign customers seats, has weighed on sales, jordan said. “a lot of that is, i think, the consumer reaction to the tariffs," he said on cnbc: "some of that could be front-running the tariffs in terms of spending money in other locations. so it could snap back.”
mcdonald's reports largest revenue drop in us since pandemic as consumers pull back on spending sales shrank almost 4%, at 3.6%. it's concerning when fast food and retail businesses start seeing contradicting sales from the us consumer. especially staples that are concerned with affordability like walmart and mcdonalds. if consumers are pulling back spending on "cheap", low cart value items like a mcdonalds meal then it signals to me a budget constrained, worried consumer who won't spend. the flip side of this that other fast food companies like domino's have been doing fine. so maybe this is also a combination of mcdonald's price hikes, lack of promotions and affordability, and increased competition. it could be both the macro and also the company specific issues that created this result. [ [
chips act expected to be killed after mass firings of nist employees this week *multiple reports have pieced together that the multi-billion-dollar chips act is currently on the chopping block as departures of hundreds of national institute of standards and technology (nist) workers are expected to receive layoff notices this week. nist workers headed the chips act by organizing the signatures of multiple companies to receive grants, and according to reports from bloomberg, axios, and now semiconductor advisors analyst robert maire, employees at nist that have worked less than two years at the agency, including those who have received a promotion, will soon be let go.* *as a result, the chips act will be dissolved, as no one will be left to administer it. trade tariffs are expected to replace it.* read more: [ smh was down 6% and i was trying to understand why as nvidia's report was okay and chips are a growth engine. well, they were a growth engine.
some of ya’ll after seeing mushroom clouds in the sky would be like, “time to dca that.” i suppose i respect the discipline, but man. this ain’t a news cycle, it’s new history book chapters. the u.s. has decided to isolate itself from the world. this can’t be walked back easily. i‘m old, but i’ve never lived in a world where the dollar wasn’t the reserve currency. lots of strong opinions here, i’m just saying maybe put the dxy (usd index) on your watchlist. a stable decline of usd is beneficial to the market generally, a precipitous decline might cause a banking crisis, imo.
japan stock market went back to 1989 level in 2023 after 34 years! those who say stock market just keeps rising, look at japanese nikkei index. it went up from 12,000 to 38,000 between 1985 and 1989, so an average annual rate of 75%. this was mainly bc of uncontrolled "credit creation" money printing by central bank of japan. then it all crashed in 1990 and it took 34 years , 2023 to go back to the 1990 level. so those who keep saying "stay invested" , us fed central bank has been doing the same thing as japanese central bank. debt to gdp ratio is off the charts. you never know when it will all collapse and can take decades to go back to original level. edit: tucker carlson interview with economist richard werner led me to research japanese crash more. he also wrote the book princes of the yen and the documentary is also there on youtube
is this the big short 2.0? i keep thinking about that part in the big short when the investors were waiting for the housing market to collapse. defaults were rising, the data was clear, but nothing was happening. the banks weren’t lowering the value of the mortgage bonds, and the credit rating agencies weren’t downgrading anything. the investors were sitting there wondering, why hasn’t this fallen apart yet? that feels a lot like what is happening right now with the trade war between the u.s. and china. tariffs are increasing, supply chains are clearly under pressure, and companies that rely on chinese imports are getting hit. still, the market keeps going up like everything is fine. back in 2007, the people in charge did not want to admit how bad things were because they were part of the system that would lose if the truth came out. today, it feels like big companies, the government, and wall street all want to avoid facing what is actually happening. i am not saying a crash is coming for sure, but it does feel like something is off. the numbers show stress, but the market is acting like it is not there. just like the big short, the people paying attention are starting to wonder if they are the only ones seeing it. does anyone else feel this way? what signs are you seeing that the market might be ignoring? what would it take for the system to finally react? i would love insights from people who watched it happen in real time.
china's foreign reserves are in excess of us$ 3 trillion, over half in us dollars. what happens if they start dumping them? obviously the us$ crashes but that would effectively have the same result as tariffs - much higher prices for us imports. could china weather it and what would they gain from it? with the foreign reserves they have and the ability to ignore an unhappy population, it's survivable. what could they gain from damaging their export industry? they've long been trying to stimulate domestic demand and would really like to end the us$ as the reserve currency. however given the current situation they may wait for the us to implode on its own.
chinese markets are rejecting tesla china is moving on from tesla tesla’s dominance in the ev market is slipping, and nowhere is that more obvious than in china. according to new report from cnbc, tesla’s sales in china dropped 11.5% this january compared to the same time last year. with china setting the pace for the global ev industry, tesla is rapidly losing ground to local giants like byd. it’s not just a sales dip, it’s a wipeout. in january, byd sold 30% more evs than tesla worldwide. the reason? cost and variety. while tesla leans on price cuts to compete, chinese brands like byd are already priced lower from the start. tesla’s profit margins, once its strong suit, are shrinking fast, while byd keeps scaling production without sacrificing profitability. the model 3 and model y tesla’s core models are struggling to hold their own against a flood of cheaper, high-tech, government-backed alternatives. for years, tesla thrived under china’s policies that welcomed foreign ev makers. that era is over. the chinese government has made it clear, they want their own brands to lead the global ev race. companies like byd, nio, and xpeng are now the priority, while tesla is increasingly seen as an outsider. tesla’s shanghai gigafactory, once a strategic advantage, is now a vulnerability. the chinese government could tighten regulations
a tariff impact i had not thought of... china ignores patents one of the ideas i saw today was pretty messed up: what happens if china just ignores patent protections and starts making copies of american products? medical devices, car parts, farm equipment, thousands of other things that they had been playing ball on so they could stay on the good side of the us. well the us just threw that all away, so now china is not bound by anything, they can just copy anything they want, slap their label on it, and sell it at their price, and full quality. if chinese companies do this, it would be a further wedge between the us and china, and a substantial problem down the road if a rapprochement was tried. the drug companies are most at risk on this one imo. china can just start making all the us patented treatments, at full quality and start selling them at 50% of the price that the us companies are charging other countries around the world. for those thinking they can't steal the full formulas for the products, if they can steal the plans for fighter jets, they can get the recipes for drugs. what happens to the pharma companies when the chinese start to sell newly patented treatments at 50 cents on the dollar? what happens to the biotech companies when the chinese make cheap identical copies of their products? all's fair in love and trade wars.
buffett's alternative to tariffs is seriously brilliant (import certificates) i'm honestly not sure how this hasn't been brought up more, but buffett actually has a beautifully elegant alternative to tariffs that solves for the trade deficit (which is a very real problem, he said in 2006.... "the u.s. trade deficit is a bigger threat to the domestic economy than either the federal budget deficit or consumer debt and could lead to political turmoil...") here's how import certificates work... * every time a u.s. company exports goods, it receives "import certificates" equal to the dollar amount exported. * foreign companies wanting to import into the u.s. must purchase these certificates from u.s. exporters. * these certificates trade freely in an open market, benefiting u.s. exporters with an extra revenue stream, and gently nudging up the price of imports. the brilliance is that trade automatically balances itself out—exports must match imports. no government bureaucracy, no targeted trade wars, no crony capitalism, and no heavy-handed tariffs. buffett was upfront: import certificates aren't perfect. imported goods would become slightly pricier for american consumers, at least initially. but tariffs have that same drawback, with even more negative consequences like trade wars and global instability. the clear advantages: * **automatic balance:** exports and imports stay equal, reducing america's dangerous trade deficit. * **more competitive exports:** u.s. businesses get a direct benefit, making them stronger in global markets. * **job creation:** higher exports mean more domestic production and, consequently, more american jobs. * **market-driven:** no new bureaucracy or complex regulation—just supply and demand at work. i honestly don't know how this isn't being talked about more! hell, we could rename them trump certificates if we need to, but i think this policy needs to get up to policymakers asap haha. we made a full video on our yt channel, but i won't post a link here to respect the rules of the sub! here's the link to buffett's original article: [
potential black swan - ukraine so this just hit me and i don’t like it. the meltdown of us/ukr relations on friday could reverberate into a black swan. how? trump demands a public apology from zelensky. zelensky doesn’t provide one. us withdraws all support to ukraine. europe decides to puts troops into ukraine to guarantee its security and also to stand up to trump. europe and us relations breakdown. us and eu become adversaries. even if no bullet is fired or missile is launched, economic ties and cooperation breaks down. tariffs, loss of trade, loss of revenues, negative earnings growth. all while the cape is at nosebleed levels priced to perfection. trump is miscalculating. while the us has leverage over one or several countries it will be severely hurt if the entire world unites against it. the fiasco on friday was completely unnecessary and could spiral if cooler heads don’t prevail. and i don’t think there are any in or around the oval at the moment. what a screwed up time.
us manufacturing extends slump; factory employment lowest in 5 years "u.s. manufacturing contracted for a fifth straight month in july and factory employment dropped to the lowest level in five years amid tariffs that have raised prices of imported raw materials. the institute for supply management (ism) said on friday that its manufacturing pmi dropped to 48.0 last month from 49.0 in june. a pmi reading below 50 indicates contraction in manufacturing, which accounts for 10.2% of the economy."
today is why you do not time the market this sub has been dominated by doomers lately. it's been so annoying so yeah i'm gonna rub it in. yesterday the us economy was poised to go off a cliff due to tariffs. today the tariffs have been delayed by at least 90 days. the stock market just shot up 8.5% last i checked. the reality is events happen faster than anyone can respond to. you cannot predict the future. i personally have a broadly diversified portfolio, including international exposure. i had that pre-trump-2.0. i still have it. i'm still buying at the same intervals i was before. who knows what's going to happen next. but as always, time in the market beats timing the market.
michael burry is shutting down scion asset management can't post images but here's his letter to investors in the fund. "scion asset management®, llc october 27, 2025 dear investors, with a heavy heart, i will liquidate the funds and return capital but for a small audit/tax holdback by year’s end. my estimation of value in securities is not now, and has not been for some time, in sync with the markets. with heartfelt thanks, but also with apologies, i wish you well in your future investments. i do suggest investors contact my associate pm phil clifton regarding his coming endeavors. he can be reached at *~~removed~~* and at *~~removed~~*. phil is a tremendous young talent in the field of investment and the most prodigious thinker i have ever encountered. sincerely, **michael burry** portfolio manager" source: sec confirming termination status: [ [
wow, congress wants to give its members the ability to do a cap-gains-free repositioning of stock investments i've always known these mother forkers to be bold, but this is ridiculous. i've got about $400k in unrealized cap-gains i'd love to reposition. [ edit: wow, now i'm up to $773k in unrealized gains.
9.2 million people delinquent on student loans, 90 day reporting starting i don’t see many in the investing world talking about this. delinquency credit reports are landing for 9.2 million people (**43% of americans with payments due**), due to hitting the 90 day mark of missed payments since late 2024’s resume of credit reporting on federal student loans. why is this important? student loans are dispersed by semester, not consolidated. while 1 payment is typically made, it’s spread out to 8+ loans. missing 1 payment (as 9.2 million, 43% have now done) shows up on credit reports as 8+ missed payments, **tanking credit scores by 130-250 points overnight** (i personally know someone who just lost 200). you can see stories gaining traction on here of those home/car shopping, only to see this credit hit. does this effectively remove or significantly hinder 9 million from the borrowing economy? the effect may be 2 fold, with this being the first time those borrowers actually have to start sending $ to those loans. tried adding news link but couldn’t. edit: this just accounts for past due. those currently due (another 13 million people) could follow suit when they become delinquent
a $1 trillion defense budget? trump, hegseth say it's happening - breaking defense >!washington — speaking monday evening in the white house, president donald trump made a surprise announcement: the us appears poised for its first $1 trillion defense budget request.!< “we also essentially approved a budget, which is in the \[vicinity\], you’ll like to hear this, of a trillion dollars,” trump said while meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu. “$1 trillion, and nobody’s seen anything like it. we have to build our military, and we’re very cost conscious, but the military is something that we have to build, and we have to be strong, because you got a lot of bad forces out there now. “so we’re going to be approving a budget, and i’m proud to say, actually, the biggest one we’ve ever done for the military.” [ us defense stocks looking mighty nice right now. ctm castellum
why did the 90 day pause cause the markets to skyrocket? if we think about it, nothing fundamentally has changed. it is just a pause, and if anything, the chinese tariffs are even worse than before. is there some belief that this signals that trump will back off the tariff/trade wars all-together? to me, it seems just like a panic move from trump's side, and we could very well be in the exact same spot n days/weeks from now. or is the current surge just the market trying to ride a short cycle of hype/pump? seems like some self-fulfilling prophecy where people assume/anticipate that other people will buy. to me, it just looks like one mean dead cat bounce.
the economic fallout from a trade war is not priced in prepare for a shitty start to the week on monday. * shitty tariffs: new tariffs risk reigniting inflation, forcing the fed to consider rate hikes, super inflationary. * shitty deportation policy: trump’s shitty crackdown is triggering labor shortages, disrupting key industries increasing wage growth and unemployment, inflationary * shitty california water mismanagement: shitty handling of water reserves threatens agriculture, pushing food prices higher in the near future, inflationry * shitty faa mismanagement: ongoing shitty regulatory failures are undermining confidence in transportation and logistics, inflationary. * elon & shitty sensitive data situation: reports suggest elon has access to sensitive payment system data, raising shitty security concerns believe it or not inflationary personal take: from my experience talking to analysts, most thought trump was bluffing on these shitty tariffs—especially against our own allies. no one seriously believed he’d go through with it at this scale. now that reality’s hitting, portfolios will have to adjust, and given how slow and massive these shitty institutions are, expect that to take up to a week or even longer alongside hedge funds looking to win from the chaos lets just say this won’t be a one-day shitty sell-off, this will be the trigger for next shitty bear market. how am i so sure? that's easy thats because im all in on calls and will be absloutely fucked on monday.
what is going on today with the market crash? nvidia had a terrific earnings report, we found out the economy is creating twice as many jobs as expected, there’s a great early surge and now the market is crashing. what the heck? it makes no sense. there’s no reason why that should be happening. we had a bunch of pieces of positive news.
the china fiasco is about to get worse i can't post a screenshot of his comments on truth-y social because this sub is weird...but trump just announced if china doesn't back down on their plan to tariff the us by tomorrow he is raising china tariffs an "additional" 50% i for one am grateful we have a stable genius in the white house (sarcasm), and i'm glad i am sitting on the sidelines as i watch him burn it down.
no, the s&p500 will not keep compounding at 15% per year stock prices are the result of two things, earnings and multiple on those earnings every investor who thinks the s&p can keep compounding at 15%+ return should remember that since 2000: 1) dividend yield has been between 1% and 2% every year (excluding 2008) 2) price appreciation is the result of (i) eps growth and (ii) change in price to earnings (i) eps have compounded at \~6% for decades, do you really think you have a view that will make the \~entire\~ market see a structural change in growth (ii) change in multiple: today we are at 21.5x which represents well-above 1 st. dev. which is likely to hurt even assuming multiples do not compress for 10 years (extremely bold assumption), this means returns will only come from dividend yield (2%) and eps growth (6%) for a total of \~8% if multiples go from 21.5x to 16.9x (average of last 30 years), and we keep the other 2 assumptions the same, guess what will the s&p return over the next 10 years......\~0% just be aware that investing all your money in the s&p500 will not keep working like it has for the last 10 years
for everyone who wants to stop investing because of tariffs i hear you. it's scary. it's a "once in a life time event" and "never been done before." whenever i feel like this, i look at this chart: the market has been through a lot and will continue to go through a lot, and has always come back. remember these simple principles: 1. you are not smarter than the market, so buy the market. 2. avoid the noise and keep buying through thick and thin. 3. if you are in a low-cost, well diversified portfolio, none of this should matter to you. i'm going to keep dcaing, avoid the political noise, and think 10/20/30 years out. as the money guy show says - whenever it doubt, zoom out! edit: another point from good old buffett:
trump to impose $100,000 fee per year for h-1b visas, in blow to tech [
deepseek uses nvidia's h800 chips, so why are nvidia investors panicking? deepseek leverages nvidia's h800 chips, a positive for nvidia. so why the panic among investors? likely concerns over broader market trends, chip demand, or overvaluation. it’s a reminder that even good news can’t always offset bigger fears in the market. thoughts?
how market manipulation works at about 8.30 am trump posted on his truth social (djt)platform: **"this is a great time to buy!!! djt"** to the unsuspecting eye, he simply signed that post with his initials. to those in the know, you know exactly what he was saying: **"....time to buy djt"** and they did, djt ran up about 9% in no time at all. and if you read posts on truth social they were all giddy that trump gave them a head's up. trump's stake in djt went up by millions (he owns around 3b last i read). a 9% gain on 3 billion is a tidy sum. and that was in a matter of minutes. but he wasn't done. a couple of hours later trump announced a pause on tariffs, china being the exception and the market blew up (in the way we like). **right this moment djt is up 20% so trump has seen a $600,000,000 gain in a few hours.** if this isn't market manipulation i don't know what is. he juiced the market before making any announcements, and he's now $600,000,000 richer for it.
fyi: i’m not f**king leaving i sold back in 2020 during the pandemic. almost exactly five years to the day. market plummeted. circuit breakers. sports cancelled. unknown virus. quarantine. i sold everything and trotted to the sidelines. then the market ripppppeedddd higher. i learned my lesson. i was certain the world was headed to hell. and a 10 year depression was coming. instead i missed out on a lot of gains because i didn’t get back in soon enough. all that being said i’m riding this out. if you all really think the macro conditions are so bad and uncertain and sell then that’s okay. because i’m probably the one buying your shares. i’m going down with the ship this time. i felt several times more uncertain 5 years ago than now. and i’m very very uncertain now. this could result in several years of negative returns but also it might not. you can’t lose on the sidelines but you also can’t win. so i’m not triggering those capital gains taxes. i’m staying in
it’s time to get off reddit if you’re freaking out about your portfolio, sell a little bit to have some cash so you can sleep at night and then delete your apps and stop going on reddit. if there’s one thing we know about redditors, it’s how often they get things wrong. remember when reddit made us believe kamala was going to destroy trump in a landslide? and no i am not a trump supporter. your future self will thank you.
is oracle just softbank wearing a mask? let me get this straight: * oracle announces $455b in rpos through 2030, driving stock up 40% in a single day * $300b of this (66%) depends on a single contract with openai starting in 2027 * openai's funding for this contract comes from softbank's $500b stargate commitment * softbank's total assets are $300b - meaning they'd need to liquidate their entire company just for the oracle deal * this is the same softbank that valued wework at $47b then watched it collapse, promised $108b for vision fund 2 but only raised $56b, and has a 30+ year track record of overpromising and underdelivering * softbank funding is contingent on openai converting from a nonprofit to a for-profit, which california ag is investigating and could require a $30b+ payment * even if all this works out, oracle's rpo delivery doesn't start until 2027 - giving 2+ years for this house of cards to collapse * oracle's current market cap surge assumes a company with $168b in assets and under $15b in q1 2025 revenue will somehow deploy $800b+ across multiple ai infrastructure commitments so oracle's stock price is essentially a 3x leveraged bet on softbank's ability to fund commitments that exceed their entire balance sheet, while navigating regulatory hurdles, legal challenges, and their own history of spectacular failures?
trump: u.s. will set tariff rates in 2-3 weeks, walking back negotiations president trump said friday the u.s. will unilaterally set tariff rates for many trading partners in the coming weeks, citing a lack of capacity to negotiate with so many countries simultaneously. why it matters: the u.s. already did that to some degree, on "liberation day" last month, then paused most of those rates after a global market panic sent stocks plunging and interest rates soaring. trump's original goal of making 90 deals during that 90-day pause has run into the reality of trade negotiations being far more complex than putting a number on paper.
trade war fallout: cancellations of chinese freight ships begin as bookings plummet the number of canceled sailings of freight vessels out of china is picking up as ocean carriers attempt to manage a pullback in orders due to the trade war and tariffs. a steep decline in containers being shipped to the u.s. will have a big impact on the supply chain, from port to trucking, rail and warehouse economics. “we won’t go to zero containers, but we will see a decrease in containers and as a result, in the future we will see a massive raft of blank sailings announced,” one freight expert tells cnbc.
amazon tariff labels trigger political backlash — shares drop 2% amazon will soon display a number next to the price of each product indicating the tariff rate applied. the white house called this a hostile and political action by amazon. cnbc: amazon clarified that it is only considering showing tariff surcharges on low-cost, frequently purchased products (haul products), after reports that amazon wanted to display tariff costs for each product, which the white house called hostile and political and sent amazon shares down 2% this morning.
robinhood froze my ~$160k account 18+ months ago after misreading a police email i’m posting from a throwaway because this whole thing has been a nightmare and i don’t want it tied back to my main. about a year and a half ago my ex, who was very abusive, filed an online report saying i was selling weed after i finally left her. i’m in texas, so the cops went all in. they arrested me, searched my house, took all my electronics and paperwork, and even towed both of my cars and ripped through them. the only “drugs” they found were legal cbd gummies and a couple of cbd drinks i bought from a shop by a college, and i had receipts for everything. their own field test and then the lab both came back with no thc. i was never charged with anything. they still tried to take my stuff using civil forfeiture, so i hired a lawyer and spent around 50k fighting it. that case is now over. all my property has been returned and there are no charges and no open criminal cases against me. during the investigation, one cop sent a generic “this person is under investigation” email to all my banks and to robinhood. it was not a court order, not a levy, nothing that said “freeze this account.” all of my banks and credit card companies ignored it. only robinhood decided to lock my brokerage account. the account is around 160k, mostly in three big stocks i’ve held since the covid crash. since then, the police and the city attorney have put in writing that there is no hold, no lien, no legal freeze, and that they don’t plan to go after my robinhood funds at all. they’ve looked at the original email and basically said robinhood misread it and treated it like something it isn’t. robinhood has kept the account frozen for more than 18 months now. every time i contact support, i get the same copy-paste answer about “our team is reviewing this, we can’t give a timeline.” i’ve filed complaints with regulators. the lawyer who handled the forfeiture case has a hearing on the 15th where he’s going to ask a judge to officially say there was never any freeze or lien, but he doesn’t really know robinhood/finra stuff and i don’t have money for a second lawyer. meanwhile i’m sitting on credit card debt and money i owe family while my savings are locked. can robinhood legally keep my account frozen this long when there’s no court order, no lien, and no seizure according to the city attorney and police, or is this something i can realistically take to arbitration or court and expect to win? what legal steps, if any, actually exist to force them to act instead of just sending the same “under review” response? for the hearing on the 15th, i don’t even know what my lawyer should be asking the judge for beyond some kind of order clearly saying there was never any freeze or lien and nothing on the government side stopping robinhood from releasing my funds. i’ve also wondered if it’s even possible for a judge to order the police or city to send some kind of “release” email when the police are saying there was never a freeze in the first place. if i do end up in arbitration or a lawsuit, i’d like to know whether there’s any realistic chance of getting extra damages for how long this has gone on and the financial mess it’s caused, or if it usually just ends with the account finally being opened. and i’d really appreciate guidance on what type of lawyer actually handles this kind of robinhood/finra situation and how to find one who knows what they’re doing.
if everyone simply says "buy the s&p", what's the point of r/investing?? to start, let me say that investing in an s&p 500 index fund can be a great idea. not arguing against that. what i'd like to have is a friendly discussion about **investing as a hobby**. it seems like everyone on here simply advocates for buying an s&p 500 index fund, or similar broad market index fund. while that can certainly generate nice returns over time, there are a lot of people out there who genuinely enjoy the process of investing and would rather build a portfolio based on their personal research. have we given up the art and science of portfolio construction in the name of laziness or apathy? i believe there is real behavioral value in owning stocks because you believe in them, whether based on technical research, or because of positive experiences you've had as a customer. buying a broad market index fund is just so boring! i believe that the emotional detachment of index funds actually leads to issues with people wanting to time the market because they don't have anything to believe in.
stock futures slip after china says trade talks haven’t even started. stock futures slipped thursday after china said that it had no ongoing trade talks with the u.s., dashing investors’ hopes of an ease in tensions between the two nations. “at present there are absolutely no negotiations on the economy and trade between china and the u.s.,” said ministry of commerce spokesperson he yadong.
tesla board opened search for a ceo to succeed elon musk with profits and stock price sinking, board members told musk he needed to spend more time at company. about a month ago, with tesla’s tsla -3.38%decrease; red down pointing triangle stock sinking and some investors irritated about elon musk’s white house focus, tesla’s board got serious about looking for musk’s successor.
what i found fascinating while reading jensen huang’s biography i read jensen huang's biograph lately(the thinking machine) and i found some interesting stories in it. i wanted to share with you. 1.when jensen huang immigrated to the u.s. as a kid, he ended up in a small rural town and got bullied pretty badly. but instead of reacting with defiance or lashing out, he just smiled and brushed it off. calm and quiet resilience. he later said he got into physical training thanks to a roommate, and he started doing tons of push-ups. eventually, his build changed and that might’ve naturally put an end to the bullying. 2.he was really good at table tennis. he seriously considered going pro during his school years. even after founding nvidia, he kept a ping pong table in the office, tucked away in the corner. 3.he’s always been this upbeat, warm-hearted kind of guy. he didn’t like cutting people loose. that’s why nvidia’s hiring process was notoriously tough. his philosophy was that if you hire carefully, you won’t need to fire. at a public meeting one day, he pressed a junior employee, asking, “what value are you delivering here at nvidia compared to what you’re paid?” the guy was crushed by it. but later, when that same employee was diagnosed with a rare illness, jensen tried to cover his treatment personally from his own pocket. 4.he wasn’t like this back in his amd days, but once he became a ceo, “hwaung's rage” became a thing. not in a toxic but more like explosive passion when he disagrees with something. people say that "if you’ve experienced his rage, you’ve become part of the inner circle at nvidia" 5.around 2014(i don't remember exactly) a junior engineer who was lazy but quite creative noticed a potential link between deep learning and nvidia chips. despite having a relatively low performance record, the guy went straight to jensen and pitched his idea with everything he had. maybe he figured he had nothing to lose. jensen listened. then he ripped the roadmap off the wall and declared, “this is our future.” from that moment on, nvidia bet everything on ai. cuda became the heart of their strategy, and they poured everything into developing gpus optimized for machine learning.
atlanta fed predicts -1.5% gdp growth in first quarter. this is a dramatic departure from just last month when they predicted +3.9% growth. the atlanta federal reserve is projecting a contraction of the nation’s gross domestic product (gdp) of 1.5 percent in the first quarter, flashing a warning sign for the u.s. economy. the projection is a significant shift for the atlanta fed over the last few weeks that comes a little more than a month after president trump took office. the atlanta fed last week was predicting 2.3 percent positive growth for the first quarter. a month ago, it was registering 3.9 percent growth. the atlanta fed’s gdpnow measure is not an official forecast but rather a running estimate of real gdp growth based on data as it comes in. the first quarter ends at the end of march, and gdp will be officially calculated by the commerce department. but the forward-looking indicator’s major drop will still be of significant concern to policymakers, economists and markets alike, especially as fourth-quarter gdp registered a strong second estimate this week. gdp from october to december came in at a healthy annualized rate of 2.3 percent, as reported by the commerce department on thursday. third-quarter growth came in at a robust 3.1 percent, and second-quarter growth came in at 3 percent.
moody’s downgrades jpmorgan, bank of america, wells fargo in blow to u.s. banks moody’s ratings on monday downgraded the long-term ratings of several of america’s largest banks, including jpmorgan chase & co (nyse:jpm), bank of america corp (nyse:bac), and wells fargo & company (nyse:wfc), citing weakened prospects of federal support following friday’s u.s. sovereign downgrade. the move marks a rare blow to the top tier of the u.s. financial system and may raise borrowing costs and regulatory pressure on institutions still seen as systemically important. the rating agency lowered deposit ratings, senior unsecured debt, and counterparty risk assessments for key subsidiaries and branches of the banks to aa2 from aa1. these ratings had previously included a notch of uplift tied to the government’s aaa rating, support moody’s no longer deems as fully credible following the downgrade of u.s. sovereign debt to aa1. “the downgrade of the us government’s rating indicates that it has less ability to support the us’s global systemically important banks,” moody’s said. “the ratings and assessments downgraded in today’s action all previously incorporated one notch of us government support uplift and this notch of support has now been removed.”
trump announces sweeping new tariffs rock joke busy sugar seed memory voracious continue slim practice *this post was mass deleted and anonymized with [redact](
is this market too detached from the reality? nvidia is worth over $4.5 trillion. growth is clearly slowing, yet the price keeps climbing like it’s still 2021. tesla is another example, flat or declining sales, but the stock acts like it’s doubling profits every year. it’s starting to feel like valuations don’t matter at all anymore. bad news barely causes a dip, and everything just keeps getting pumped by passive flows and retirement funds. feels like we’re in a slow-motion bubble where fundamentals are ignored. people always say “you can’t time the market,” but how do you justify buying into this? s&p forward p/e is around dot-com levels. the money printing has cooled, layoffs are hitting, and inflation is still lingering. i don’t see how this keeps going.
how my parents missed out on millions by never investing! my parents are both 62 now, and they’ve never really gotten into investing. they have a small amount in iras—maybe around $15,000 combined—but that’s about it. they’ve always just kept their money in a regular savings account with their bank. no high-yield savings accounts, no stocks, no mutual funds, and not even certificates of deposit (cds). for decades, they’ve earned next to nothing in interest—probably less than $15 a month. growing up, we were a family of five. my dad earned around $85,000 a year, and my mom worked part-time, bringing in maybe $25,000 annually. we weren’t rich, but we were comfortable. they worked hard to provide for us, but they never prioritized investing or learned much about it. now, as they’re getting closer to retirement, my dad still plans to work for a while since he runs his own business and enjoys it. it’s honestly eye-opening to think about what could have been if they’d started investing earlier—like back in the '80s or '90s. even a little bit in the stock market over all those years could’ve made a huge difference. for me, i didn’t start investing until my late 20s because it wasn’t something we ever talked about at home. my parents never really understood it, so they never passed that knowledge down. it’s kind of surprising how much of an impact financial education (or lack of it) can have across generations.
house to vote on tax bill tonight if the bill passes (assuming no senate changes and approval): * we are all pretty screwed tax wise, millions will lose medicaid coverage. while 80% of households are projected to receive tax cuts in 2026, approximately 60% of the benefits would accrue to the top 20% of earners * defense spending will increase, golden dome contractors should see a piece of the $25b set aside for the project * yields are going higher than they are now, amid a downgrade, expect another, fed will be stepping in seems the best plays if this bill passes is ita and gld. i don't see any other place to park investments unless you believe qe will begin and we see bond prices start to rise again
eu must seize ‘unique opportunity’ to supplant us dollar dominance, says european central bank president european central bank chief lagarde argues that the eu has a rare chance to challenge us dollar dominance. in a speech at european parliament yesterday she urged to speed up draghi's reforms and complete the single market. further integration would boost the euro’s global role if coupled with rebuilding of hard power. she argues that the instability in us politics and markets has opened space for the eu to become a true global alternative. the us dollar already weakened a lot, like 10% down since trump took office. lagarde said that the eu could move to replace the us dollar simply by speeding up reforms. - rebuild europe's hard power - speed up ever-closer union - complete the single market - new trade deals
volvo to cut up to 800 us jobs as trump's tariffs bite new york (reuters) - volvo group plans to lay off as many as 800 workers at three u.s. facilities over the next three months due to market uncertainty and demand concerns in the face of president donald trump's tariffs, a spokesperson said on friday. volvo group north america said in a statement it has told employees it plans to lay off 550-800 people at its mack trucks site in macungie, pennsylvania, and two volvo group facilities in dublin, virginia, and hagerstown, maryland. the company, part of sweden's ab volvo, employs nearly 20,000 people in north america, according to its website.
u.s. house passes $3.8 t “big beautiful bill” — 30-yr treasury hits 5.1 %, global bond rout (may 23 2025) tl;dr: • the house just green-lit trump’s 1,100-page tax-and-spend monster by a single vote. cbo says +$3.8 t to the deficit over 10 yrs. • moody’s already yanked the last aaa last week; today’s vote pours gasoline on the fire. • 30-yr yield spiked to 5.13 %, highest since oct-23; japan and uk yields followed. • dollar slips, gold +1 %, bitcoin at ath $111 k. solar/green names crater as subsidies face the axe. why it matters: 1. higher term premium → equities must re-rate; every 25 bp ≈ 3–4 % valuation hit on long-duration tech. 2. curve steepening punishes everything financed “long-short” (think private credit, cre). 3. if senate trims the bill, relief rally; if not, brace for more forced selling of treasuries by overseas reserve managers. my playbook: keeping <3 yr duration, adding tips, overweight energy and eu value, sprinkling btc as fiscal-hedge lotto ticket. not investment advice, dyor.
the federal government investing in a private business: "i've got a baaaad feeling about this..." first of all, does "taking a stake in" mean effectively the same thing as "buying 10% of the stock of"? yeah, the goal nominally is to help intel stay afloat; i fear that it will morph into something else -- and probably worse. * will "the government" have a seat on the board? (will it be trump?) * will "the government" have a say on who intel can sell to, and not; or setting pricing; or other business decisions? * will "the government" expect to ***make a profit*** off its investment? (that just seems wrong to me.) * what else could go wrong here? if this is an example of "running government like a business", i just feel queasy about it -- kinda the same feeling in the tummy that you had when you neglected to study for a math test, y'know?
sex robot industry investments? what’s the best sex robot industry investment? i’m interested in exploring sex robots industry investments. can someone give me tips on the topic? are there any established players, startups, etc? if you’ve looked into it, what were your findings? - i believe robotics is one of the next big fields. - i believe the sex industry is prime for disruption since it’s so huge financially, yet a lot of it is illegal and thus way unoptimized - it’s clientele is discrete so early fails would not endanger the product too much - std-s are a big factor that can be removed via robots so, what are your ideas? update: the best sounding advice from the thread is that “traditional” robot makers are likely the best play here (including robo etfs). the logic behind it is that companies like tesla or xpeng will likely produce android core products, that other companies will customize for use cases like the sex industry. so trying to guess the company focused on the sex bots is likely way harder than guessing who will build the “core” of any bot out there.
buffett's berkshire takes $4.3b alphabet stake, cuts apple in q3 warren buffett's berkshire hathaway disclosed a new $4.3 billion position in alphabet during q3, while reducing its apple holdings. the filing showed exits from d.r. horton and top additions including alphabet, chubb, domino's pizza, siriusxm, and lamar advertising. bank of america also saw significant cuts. **timeline of events** * 16:12 cnbc: warren buffett's berkshire hathaway reveals new position in alphabet * 16:05 sec: berkshire hathaway inc files 13f-hr * 12:40 wallstengine: visualization of top corporate cash piles; jpm, bac, brk, citi lead in americas; allianz & icbc near $700b * 10:08 yahoo finance: berkshire without buffett: what’s next for the company and the stock * 08:45 seeking alpha: why berkshire hathaway remains a core buy going into 2026 * 08:03 benzinga: kimberly-clark, thermo fisher, berkshire hathaway featured on cnbc's final trades
